# A Kirin Tale

A Kirin Tale

剧集
寂静之声
角色
秋烨
The Nashville Scoring Orchestra（音乐演奏）

《A Kirin Tale》是《我的小马驹：友谊就是魔法》第八季的第六首歌曲，出现在第23集“寂静之声”中。这首歌由秋烨演唱。在2018年圣迭戈漫画展的我的小马驹展区中，这首歌曾被提前播放过。在本集最后的本曲的重复，是第六首演唱于剧集结尾的歌曲；在此之前，还有《Love Is In Bloom》、《The Success Song》、《Life in Equestria》、《Let the Rainbow Remind You》、《Friends Are Always There For You》等。

制作

根据共同词作家与监督导演吉姆·米勒所说，蕾切尔·布鲁姆给秋晔配音的时候，语气中多了几分幽默，使得角色性格有所改变。于是他又重写了歌词，并由妮科尔·迪比润色。

歌词

[秋烨]

La, la-la-la, la-la

La-la-la, la-la-la

The Kirin used to speak and sing

We weren't always quiet

We told stories and funny jokes

My stand-up was a riot

But then one day, a fight broke out

And hurtful words were said

Flaring tempers were inflamed

Destruction quickly spread

And flaming bred from head to head

Even burnt our... bread

Sorry, I forgot how much I love rhyming. Where was I? Oh, right!

My happy village lay in ruins

Relationships got worse

Spoiler alert: we quickly learned

That words could be a curse

"No more talking," yelled our leader

The last thing said aloud

Into the Stream of Silence

We stepped as a crowd

The water cooled emotions

And peace was soon restored

But with no way to speak my thoughts

I got super... bored

Seriously, there's only so long that Sudoku can keep you entertained!

'Cause rainbows won't light up the sky

Unless you let it rain

And shiny apples sometimes come with worms

But you can't give up your laughter

'Cause you're scared of a little pain

It's a lesson that the Kirin never learned

I was stuck in silent prison

With the voices in my head

'Til I tripped over my salvation

In a helpful flowerbed

I found a cure to clear my pipes

And I became quite chatty

With years and years of stored-up words

I drove my village batty

They didn't like my jokes and songs

And daily dose of news

The plays I wrote, the speeches spoke

Variety reviews

Wrote a story about the Kirin who hid below an opera stage

And fell in love with this opera singer, and he wore a freaky half-mask thing, and he played the organ a lot and got all broody 'cause the singer was in love with another dude, so he took her away on this underground gondola. I mean, who doesn't love musical theater?!

The village leader made it clear

I had to make my choice

I could stay and live with them

Or I could keep my voice

So I came here, but left the couch alone

They're hard to move

With just the view for company

Until ya heard me groove

Take it away, boys!

[beat]

'Cause rainbows won't light up the sky

Unless you let it rain

And candles just won't glow until they've burned

No, you can't give up your laughter

'Cause you're scared of a little pain

It's a lesson that my village never learned

No matter how hard I schooled them

Fear of hurt is still what ruled them

Sometimes you gotta let it raaaaaaaain!

Yeah, sometimes you gotta let it rain

重复

[秋烨]

'Cause rainbows won't light up the sky

Unless you let it rain

And candles just won't glow until they've burned

No, you can't give up your laughter

'Cause you're scared of a little pain

It's a lesson that my village never learned

Oh, yes, 'cause rainbows won't light up the sky

Unless you let it...

Raaaaaaaain!

我的小马驹：友谊就是魔法 — 歌曲