# The Legend of Everfree

对于本曲对应的电影，参阅小马国女孩：无尽之森传奇。

The Legend of Everfree

电影
小马国女孩：无尽之森传奇
角色
余晖烁烁
暮光闪闪
云宝黛茜
苹果杰克
萍琪派
瑞瑞
小蝶
全体成员
My Little Pony Equestria Girls: Legend of Everfree - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack

《The Legend of Everfree》是《小马国女孩：无尽之森传奇》的主题曲，在电影的片头字幕处播放，也是电影里出现的第一首歌。此外，本曲也是原声专辑《My Little Pony Equestria Girls: Legend of Everfree - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack》中的第一首歌曲，在专辑中其名字为“Legend of Everfree (Main Title)”。

制作

在电影《无尽之森传奇》的DVD/蓝光版本的评论音轨中，本曲的作者丹尼尔·英格拉姆提到，在创作本曲时，其灵感来源于蒙福之子乐队。

本曲还出现在了在小说版本的《无尽之森传奇》的第二章中，但歌词与电影版本不同。

2017年，本曲获得了日间艾美奖的“最佳原创歌曲”的提名，但该奖项最终由《七宝》的《She's Not Very Nice》获得。

歌词

电影版本

[全体]

Will you be lost by time or be part of history?

Will your story be told or remain a mystery?

Will they sing your song, telling all that you have done?

Time to make your choice, only you can be the one

Oh, oh, oh-oh-whoa

As you join in the Legend of Everfree! (Hey!)

Oh, oh, oh-oh-whoa

As you join in the Legend of Everfree! (Hey! Hey! Hey!)

Will you do something great with the time that you have here?

Will you make your mark? Will you conquer what you fear?

And when you go back home, everybody there will see

You were part of the Legend of Everfree!

Oh, oh, oh-oh-whoa

As you join in the Legend of Everfree! (Hey!)

Oh, oh, oh-oh-whoa

As you join in the Legend of Everfree! (Hey!)

Will you find your greatest glory?

Will you be a falling star?

Here to learn what nature teaches

Here to learn more who you are

Will you be lost by time or be part of history?

Will your story be told or remain a mystery?

And when you go back home, everybody there will see

You were part of the Legend of Everfree!

Oh, oh, oh-oh-whoa

As you join in the Legend of Everfree! (Hey!)

Oh, oh, oh-oh-whoa

As you join in the Legend of Everfree!

Hey!﻿

书籍版本

[塞拉斯蒂娅校长和学生]

Will you be lost by time or part of history?

It's up to you to make the person that you want to be.

Come to a magical place that's full of mystery.

Where you can be part of the Legend of Everfree!

You're more than what you think you are.

A shining flame or a dark star.

The storytellers change, but legends last eternally.

So long as people tell tales of the extraordinary.

And if you play your part, you'll be more than a story.

You will become the Legend of Everfree!﻿

我的小马驹：友谊就是魔法 — 歌曲