# The Goof Off

The Goof Off

剧集
派对争锋
角色
萍琪派
起司三明治
“怪人奥尔”扬科维奇（《W.A.Y. Moby Polka》及《Alternative Polka》部分）
Jaromír Vejvoda（《Beer Barrel Polka》部分）
传统墨西哥民谣（西班牙语部分）
传统（“go floppy”段和“Shave and a Haircut”结尾）
斯特凡·安德鲁（编曲）
歌词
丹尼尔·英格拉姆
艾米·基廷·罗杰斯（《Smile Song》部分）
传统墨西哥民谣（西班牙语部分）
降B大调、G大调、C大调、D大调、F大调、降B大调、G大调、C大调、B大调

The Goof Off（专辑版本）

《The Goof Off》是《我的小马驹：友谊就是魔法》第四季的第九首歌曲，“派对争锋”六首歌曲中的第四首。歌中，起司三明治唱了《Smile Song》的一段波尔卡改编。萍琪派也唱了一段击打皮纳塔时常常唱起的墨西哥民谣。

这首歌为专辑《Pinkie Pie's Party Playlist》的第九首歌曲，专辑版在结尾的伴奏上稍有不同。

发展与制作

艾米·基廷·罗杰斯以《Together (Wherever We Go)》为基础创作了这首歌，而据她回忆，她在《脱线家族》中听到《Together》一曲。这是首次安德烈娅·利布曼亲自上阵（而非萍琪派通常的演唱配音珊农·陈-肯特），且时长超过一分钟的萍琪派歌曲。

这首歌的内容可以在“怪人奥尔”的其他波尔卡歌曲中听到，例如起司踏着巨大的奶酪滚轮，演奏手风琴时可以听到的《Beer Barrel Polka (Roll Out the Barrel)》的片段、背景中随机的像溜溜笛发出的声响、《The Alternative Polka》的部分旋律、歌词之间的《W.A.Y. Moby Polka》的旋律。起司三明治演唱第二段歌词时，画面为橡胶鸡在跳舞，就使用了跳绳歌（Jump Rope Rhyme）《Miss Susie Had a Steamboat》和《99 Bottles of Beer》的韵律。《The Goof Off》的专辑版本可以在该集结尾演职员表处听见，并附加了“shave and a haircut”的结尾。

这首歌过程中穿插了两端现实画面：一个是起司的橡胶鸡“没骨头”的提线木偶，另一个是代表软糖的幼短吻鳄。没骨头的现实画面在杰森·蒂森家的地下室中拍摄，而短吻鳄的片段则是在资料片/照片网站Pond5.com上购得。

歌词

[萍琪派]

It's your birthday party, a very special day

I've got a song, it won't take long, I just wanted to say

Happy, happy, happy, happy

Happy, happy, happy, happy

Happy, happy, happy, happy birthday to you!

[起司三明治]

If you wanna be the life of the party

But you're feeling just a little uptight

Call the doctor, beg and plead

"Doctor, tell me what I need"

Try to put a little cheese in your knees!

[萍琪派]

Bubbles and balloons, bubbles and balloons

What's a birthday party without bubbles and balloons?

Star-shaped or trapezoid, look what I can do

Only Pinkie Pie can make a bubble shaped like you!

[起司三明治]

Just let yourself go floppy, for now this is your chance

Pretend you have no bones and do the rubber chicken dance!

Hit it, Boneless!

[萍琪派]

Cooler than a rubber chicken and tastier than cake

Come on, you, let's party down and do the Gummy shake!

Hit it, Gummy! Uh-huh! You know it! Shake it!

[起司三明治]

'Cause I like to make you smile, smile, smile

Yes I do

It fills my heart with sunshine all the while

Yes it does

'Cause all I really need's a smile, smile, smile

From these happy friends of mine

萍琪派: That's my song!

起司三明治: What do you mean? I have no idea what you're talking about.

萍琪派: THAT'S IT!

[萍琪派]

Roll out the party cannon

When you hear the party cannon song

Ka-BOOM!

[起司三明治]

Why should you compromise? Try this one on for size

'Cause nothing quite says cheer like the ringing in your ear

Of the cheese supreme cannonball surprise!

[萍琪派]

¡Dale, dale, dale

No pierdas el tino!

Porque si lo pierdes

¡Pierdes el camino!

Hit it, hit it, hit it

Don't lose your aim

Because if you lose it

You lose the way!

我的小马驹：友谊就是魔法 — 歌曲