# 可爱远征

对于被大陆部分平台标注为第五季第18集的剧集，参阅“兄妹同心”。

可爱远征
Crusaders of the Lost Mark

重要角色
可爱标记童子军
珠玉冠冠
烂钱
皮皮
歌曲
We'll Make Our Mark (Prelude)
The Vote
The Pony I Want to Be
Light of Your Cutie Mark
The Pony I Want to Be (Reprise)
We'll Make Our Mark

语录

更多对话，另见此集的对白。

皮皮：投票给皮皮才能有更好的操场！

Pipsqueak: A vote for Pip is a vote for the playground!

珠玉冠冠：投票给珠玉冠冠才能有更多的“珠玉冠冠”！

Diamond Tiara: A vote for Diamond Tiara is a vote for more Diamond Tiara!

珠玉冠冠：什么？！我就一票！白银勺勺！连你都没投我？！

Diamond Tiara: What?! One vote! Silver Spoon! You didn't vote for me?!

白银勺勺：对，我没。

Silver Spoon: No, I didn't.

珠玉冠冠：可，你是我最好的朋友！

Diamond Tiara: But, you're my best friend!

白银勺勺：是吗？我提起你那个雕像“惊喜”是想帮你，谁知一下子，你就把我禁言了！如果你听我的你早就赢下选举了。想知道我要说啥吗？ [轻声] 抱歉，我被禁言啦。

Silver Spoon: Am I? Because I tried to help by mentioning your 'surprise' statue, and suddenly, I wasn't even allowed to speak! You could have actually won this election if you just listened to me. You wanna know how? [whispering] Sorry. I'm not allowed to speak.

珠玉冠冠：[怒吼]

Diamond Tiara: [screams in rage]

白银勺勺：[对可爱标记童子军和皮皮] 看啥？我再也不想当她的跟班了。

Silver Spoon: [to Cutie Mark Crusaders and Pipsqueak] What? I don't have to follow her drum any more.

烂钱：你输给那个驼丁汉搬来的家伙已经够糟了，但一想到你连那些光屁股都赢不了。

Spoiled Rich: It's bad enough you lost to that transplant from Trottingham, but imagine if you'd lost to one of those blank flanks.

甜贝儿：我…为她难过了，我是不是怪怪的？

Sweetie Belle: Is it weird that I feel bad for her?

飞板璐：如果是的话… [叹气] 我也…怪怪的。

Scootaloo: If it is, then... [sighs] I'm weird, too.

小苹花：她想要改变自己，但…她不明白怎么做啊。

Apple Bloom: She wants to change, but she doesn't know how.

甜贝儿：看来她需要找一两个朋友帮她弄明白。

Sweetie Belle: Seems like she could use a friend or two to help her figure it out.

珠玉冠冠：你们是想靠偷听获得可爱标记吗？这也在你们的计划上？

Diamond Tiara: Were you trying to get your cutie mark in spying? Is that on your little chart?

珠玉冠冠：我得谢谢你们，童子军们。自从获得了标记，我就清楚地知道我的天赋就是让大家都听我的。我刚刚问我父亲能否捐钱为操场更新设施！

Diamond Tiara: I have to thank you, Crusaders. Obviously I've known since I got my cutie mark that my talent is getting other ponies to do what I want. I just asked my father if he could donate the money for the new playground equipment!

可爱标记童子军：我们得到了相同的可爱标记！可爱标记童子军万岁！

Cutie Mark Crusaders: We all got the same cutie mark! Cutie Mark Crusaders forever!

苹果杰克：甜心，如果爸爸妈妈在这，他们得多骄傲啊。

Applejack: Oh, sugarcube, if Mom and Dad were here, they'd be so proud of ya.

小苹花：你们怎么想，童子军们？这些可爱标记值不值我们等这么久？

Apple Bloom: Well, what do you think, Crusaders? Were these cutie marks totally worth waiting for or what?

甜贝儿：值啊！我等不及了，好想知道接下来要帮谁！

Sweetie Belle: Yeah! I can't wait to see who we're gonna help next!

可爱远征图集