# 布瑞恩·德拉蒙德

Brian Drummond
Brian Drummond

名字
布瑞恩·德拉蒙德
性别
Male
出生日期
1969年8月10日（56岁）
职业
Voice actor
配音角色
Mr. Carrot Cake
Ahuizotl
Seabreeze
Double Diamond
Various characters

Brian Drummond is a voice actor in My Little Pony Friendship is Magic. He provides the voices of various male characters in the series, including Mr. Cake and Ahuizotl. He is also the father of Brynna Drummond, who voices Babs Seed.

Drummond initially became involved in the series through his prior work for DHX Media on shows such as Action Man, Class of the Titans, and Kid vs. Kat. When first brought into the series, Drummond auditioned for Big McIntosh rather than Mr. Cake.After Peter New was cast as Big McIntosh, Drummond was cast as Mr. Cake as well as various male incidental roles.

In previous generations of My Little Pony, Drummond provided the voice of Spike in The Runaway Rainbow, The Princess Promenade, and the live musical The World's Biggest Tea Party.

Outside My Little Pony, Drummond has voiced characters in numerous animated series and films, including Vegeta and Yajirobe in the Ocean Group dub of Dragon Ball Z, Jetstorm in Beast Machines: Transformers, Knuckles the Echidna in Sonic Underground, Eddie Brock/Venom in Spider-Man Unlimited, Zechs Merquise in Mobile Suit Gundam Wing, Dr. Claw in Gadget & the Gadgetinis, Streaky the Supercat in Krypto the Superdog, Ryuk in Death Note, Wolverine in several Marvel Animation features, the title character in Geronimo Stilton, Clyde in Pac-Man and the Ghostly Adventures, Dozer and George in the Netflix original animated series Dinotrux, and various supporting roles in Sabrina: The Animated Series, Inuyasha, Storm Hawks, Iron Man: Armored Adventures, Littlest Pet Shop, Max Steel, and the Barbie film series.

In live-action, Drummond has had guest roles in The X-Files, Millennium, Stargate SG-1, Dark Angel, Smallville, The Dead Zone, and Tru Calling.

Drummond's wife Laura Drummond and children Aidan, Brynna, and Ashlyn are all Vancouver-based voice actors.

See also

演员

制作组

External links

Drummond's Wikipedia page

Drummond's Twitter profile

Drummond on IMDb

References

我的小马驹：友谊就是魔法 — 演员与制作组