# 饮食/IDW漫画

我的小马驹：友谊就是魔法

邪茧女王的回归

On page 3 of issue 1, a mouse is seen eating a cherry.

On page 4 of issue 1, there's half an apple, an apple fritter, and a glass of juice on the table, and a pie on the windowsill.

On page 7 of issue 1, Rainbow Dash mentions Pinkie Pie's tutti-frutti sherbet sugar punch.

On page 10 of issue 1, a pair of changelings are shown to have led Derpy into a trap with muffins.

On page 16 of issue 1, Pinkie Pie blasts a group of changelings with cake batter. Pinkie specifies the batter is for her Super-Sticky Double-Bubble-Gum for Gummy Cake.

In the issue 1 bonus story "How Much is That Pony in the Window?", Pinkie Pie buys three fudgey-wudgie swirl bars from an ice cream cart vendor.

On page 2 of issue 3, cakes are seen in a cafe window, and a cat creature is holding a lollipop.

On page 5 of issue 3, Scootaloo says, "You catch more flies with honey... or... bees with honey... or something."

On page 7 of issue 3, Applejack eats a flower dinner that Rarity prepares.

On page 21 of issue 3, Pinkie Pie gives her friends an "I'm sorry" cake.

On cover B of issue 4, various pastries and sweets are on display at Sugarcube Corner, including cakes, pies, cupcakes, and lollipops.

On page 21 of issue 4, Princess Celestia says that a "giant, magical marshmallow pony" attacked Manehattan, and Pinkie Pie mentions s'mores.

梦魇瑞尔提

On page 2 of issue 5, Spike is shown with a cup of coffee.

On page 16 of issue 5, Pinkie Pie asks Princess Luna if she ate too much broccoli.

On page 11 of issue 8, Mrs. Cake fights back the Nightmare Forces with pies.

On page 20 of issue 8, Twilight recalls a time when Rarity served her tea and soup when she was sick.

禅与露台维修艺术

Various foods and beverages are sold at the Summer Wrap-Up Festival and Hoedown: donuts, funnel cakes, cider, muffins, popcorn, fudge, frozen bananas, sandwiches, chips, apples, caramel corn, cookies, candy apples.

On page 6 of issue 9, Mr. and Mrs. Cake deliver a cake while Big McIntosh watches Pound and Pumpkin Cake.

A cart of cabbages is seen on page 8 of issue 9.

On page 18 of issue 9, Big McIntosh and Princess Luna enter a pie eating contest, Big McIntosh mentally noting that he hates cherry pie.

On page 19 of issue 10, Big McIntosh is shown eating a carrot dog.

Neigh Anything

On page 1 of issue 11, Twilight Sparkle and friends have tea and cakes at Tealove's Tea Room. Shining Armor also mentions alfalfa sprouts, which he evidently has a distaste for

Page 5 of issue 11 shows a brand of canned beverage called Honey Dew.

The issue 11 bonus story "Ogres & Oubliettes" shows a brand of snack food called Kale Krispies.

On page 4 of issue 12, a filly Twilight takes the foal school playground oath, part of which says, "If I do lie and spill the beans, you can make me eat sardines."

My Little Pirate: Friendship Ahoy

On page 1 of issue 13, Rainbow Dash is shown eating a popsicle.

On page 2 of issue 13, Applejack picks pineapples from a tree and Rarity drinks pineapple juice.

On page 11 of issue 13, Big McIntosh and Granny Smith lookalikes sell pineapple pies.

迷你系列

第一期

Twilight and Summer Mane have sandwiches on page 13 and macaroni on page 15.

第二期

On page 5, Spitfire mentions snow cones and a PNN reporter comments to Rainbow Dash that her wings "look like linguini".

On page 7, Applejack jokes that she's thinking of planting kiwis.

On page 14, Applejack exclaims "Pork chops and apple sauce!"

Rainbow Dash's sonic double rainboom turns all the apples in Sweet Apple Acres into zap apples. Applejack makes pies, cakes, and candied apples from the crop.

第三期

Bran and millet biscuits and mushroom and barley jam are shown and mentioned on page 7.

Page 10 introduces a character named Tempeh who's obsessed with soy.

Flax Seed offers Rarity carrot-carob-and-bean crunchy clusters on page 11.

第五期

On page 2, Pinkie Pie mentions a brand of soft drink called Colta-Cola.

第六期

Apples and apple-themed foods are showcased throughout the issue.

On page 4, many of the apples in Sweet Apple Acres are stolen and replaced with squashes.

第八期

Various pastries and teas are served at the Canterlot Royal High Tea. Additionally, a haywire spell causes much of the food to come to life.