# 黑晶王/图集

Season three

The Crystal Empire - Part 1

A vision of King Sombra in Princess Celestia's flashback.

Full body view

King Sombra, looking before the Crystal Ponies.

His dark empire.

Standing fierce and proud - but not for long!

King Sombra being defeated.

Sombra being turned into shadow.

Sombra being imprisoned.

King Sombra emerges.

Sombra in shadow form.

King Sombra's shadow.

King Sombra chases the ponies.

Run!! Run, little ones!!

Sombra's shadow form seen in the background.

The showdown

Come back, ponies!

The face of terror.

King Sombra and Shining Armor.

A Crystal Pony's vision of Sombra.

King Sombra's eyes watch the empire.

The Crystal Empire - Part 2

King Sombra

He can see his way to the empire.

What the...?

Almost in.

Ah, his horn is chipped.

My Crystal Empire!

			Sombra using dark magic S3E2.png

"Yes.. crystals..."

This is what it looks like for The Crystal Empire alternate ending.

			Twilight sitting on the floor S3E2.png

King Sombra, has taken over.

			Sombra's Victory S3E02.png

The unicorn, has failed her test.

			Sombra appears S3E2.png

I must get to my crystal ponies.

			Sombra evil laughter S3E2.png

Evil laughter.

			Sombra regenerating horn S3E2.png

Sombra regenerating his horn.

			King Sombra sees the Crystal Heart S03E02.png

Nooo, my kingdom.

			Sombra notices activity near crystal heart S3E2.png

Grr!

			Sombra looks down at Crystal Pony S3E02.png

King Sombra looking down at a Crystal Pony

			Sombra appears before Crystal Ponies S3E02.png

Sombra enters the empire.

			King Sombra cloud looking at pony S3E2.png

"My crystal slaves..."

			King Sombra noticing Spike S3E2.png

No! My Crystal Heart.

			King Sombra rushing to Spike S3E2.png

"That is mine!"

			King Sombra about to catch the Crystal Heart S3E2.png

"Ready or not, little dragon, here I come!"

			Sombra's body returned S3E2.png

King Sombra's body has returned.

			Sombra happy over body returned S3E2.png

And he's happy about that.

			King Sombra sees the crystal heart S3E2.jpg

Keeping an eye on the Crystal Heart.

			Sombra licking his lips S3E2.png

Creepy!

			King Sombra smiles S3E2.jpg

Ooh yes, it's mine now.

Sombra's mouth wide open.

			King Sombra denied S3E2.png

Denied!

			King Sombra observing the changing circumstances S03E02.png

He totally didn't expect this

			Sombra 'What' S3E2.png

"What?"

			Sombra watching ground become crystal S3E2.png

Standing on a sharp piece of crystal..

			King Sombra "Stop!" S3E02.png

..W-what's happening?

			King Sombra just before death S3E2.png

...My empire!

			King Sombra exploding 1 S3E2.png

Oh come on, I just got my body back!

			King Sombra exploding 2 S3E2.png

"Well, this sucks.."

King Sombra turning into crystal before getting shattered.

			King Sombra exploding S3E2.png

King Sombra explodes.

Season five

The Cutie Re-Mark - Part 1

			King Sombra steps out onto the castle balcony S5E25.png

Beware the strut of the king!

			Sombra looking out over the Crystal Empire S5E25.png

Say what you will, he knows how to decorate an evil castle.

			King Sombra looking at his army S5E25.png

Alternate ending of Siege of the Crystal Empire, anyone?

			King Sombra appears through the smoke S5E25.png

One King to rule them all...

			King Sombra rising on a crystal spire S5E25.png

You gotta feel bad for that guard-he tried so hard.

			King Sombra smirking evilly S5E25.png

But the power of the King could not be undone.

Sombra's so bad even Dr. Hooves is going to war.

IDW comics

Midtown comics variant featuring King Sombra on the cover.

			King Sombra in Comic issue 17.png

Well, this doesn't look good.

			Comic issue 18 hot topic cover.png

Ain't he a handsome devil?

			Comic issue 18 in Polish page 18.jpg

Wait...WHAAAATTTT???

I can't tell if Rarity is just really excited to hear Sombra talk about Celestia or whether she's fawning over him herself.

			Comic issue 19 page 4.jpg

FINALLY, another pony on Celestia's eye level.

			Comic issue 19 page 5.jpg

This would be a great story to tell the grandfoals...that they'll probably never have.

Love is in the air...everywhere you look around...'

			Comic issue 19 page 7.jpg

What do fiction writers have against characters being happy?

Wow, who'd have thought Pinkie Pie would be the killjoy? It really IS mirror Equestria!

			Comic issue 20 page 4.jpg

First time Spike's ever taken a love letter to Celestia.

			Comic issue 20 page 8.jpg

			Comic issue 20 page 9.jpg

So I get the absence of Prime Sombra...but where's Mirror Chrysalis?

			Comic issue 20 page 15.jpg

Well, that's an unfortunate turn of events...

You think he's mad at Twilight or just at the fact that he got shoved into the top right corner?

He's terrifying even without color!

Uh, Spike? I think Sombra's still mad at you...

This whole story is a rollercoaster that goes from "D'aww" to "Ahhhh!"

Thus did the lonely child become the king of monsters.

(The creators just won't give us a full version of this fight, will they?)

			Comic issue 35 in Polish page 18.jpg

			Comic issue 36 cover A.jpg

This is one Tirek short of a "Game Over, Equestria."

Well, he's definitely smarter than Tirek.

And we start to see why villain teamups never work out.

...Prime Sombra's shorter than Mirror Sombra, it seems.

Darn, missed opportunity for an awesome villain throwdown.

			Comic issue 37 cover A.jpg

So we're pretty much hosed, aren't we.

			Comic issue 37 cover RI.jpg

I think he missed the throne.

Does this forebode tragedy...or triumph?

			Comic issue 37 page 2.jpg

Emperor? Was king not good enough?

			Comic issue 37 page 3.jpg

Ever notice how Rabia does all the talking?

			Comic issue 37 page 4.jpg

It seems like Sombra's less a ruler and more an executioner...if anyone were actually dying.

			Comic issue 37 page 5.jpg

I think he's starting to realize that he's not the one really in charge here...

			Sombra being read to FF issue 4.png

He may be evil, but he does appreciate the simple pleasures.

			FIENDship is Magic issue 1 cover A.jpg

Rodrigo Borgia eat your heart out.

			FIENDship is Magic King Sombra IDW teaser.jpg

			FIENDship is Magic issue 1 credits page.jpg

Sombra! You're throwing off the whole "menacing cloaked figure" theme!

The start of a tragic tale...

Admit it: this is where you started shipping them.

You know, his smile is pretty pleasant when you can't see the fangs...

			FIENDship is Magic trade paperback cover.jpg

Two tragic villains, two through-and-through jerks...and a wannabe girl band.

			FIENDship is Magic trade paperback SDCC cover.jpg

This cover makes it half look like he and Tirek are staring each other down...I'd hate to be in the middle of that fight.

My Little Pony (mobile game)

			King Sombra MLP Mobile Game.png

			King Sombra Castle MLP Mobile game.png

			King Sombra promotion MLP mobile game.png

			King Sombra MLP Gameloft.png

Baby Flurry Heart's Heartfelt Scrapbook

			Baby Flurry Heart's Heartfelt Scrapbook page five BFHHS5.png

			Felt version of Sombra's Crystal Empire BFHHS5.png

			King Sombra standing on palace balcony BFHHS5.png

			King Sombra looking shocked BFHHS5.png

			King Sombra angrily charging his magic BFHHS5.png

			King Sombra closing in on Spike BFHHS5.png

			Spike and Crystal Heart fall toward King Sombra BFHHS5.png

			King Sombra looks at Crystal Heart hungrily BFHHS5.png

			Cadance catches Spike and Crystal Heart just in time BFHHS5.png

			King Sombra starting to crack BFHHS5.png

			King Sombra lets out a final scream BFHHS5.png

Merchandise

			Season 3 DVD back.png

King Sombra in Elements on Harmony book.

King Sombra trading card front.

King Sombra trading card back.

			Good Night, Baby Flurry Heart - Giant Sombra.jpg

Fantasy version of Sombra in Good Night, Baby Flurry Heart

Miscellaneous

			King Sombra wedding quiz icons.png

From Hasbro's Wedding Quiz.

			Pony wedding game.png

			Promotional The Crystal Empire preview image EW.jpg

			Promotional The Crystal Empire Playdate.jpg

A scene from The Crystal Empire as a desktop background.

Getglue sticker featuring King Sombra

			Season 3 promo King Sombra.png

Season 3 promo

King Sombra in the Crystal Empire Seek and Find game.

			MLP "Welcome to the Herd" article in Filipino magazine.png

			MLP "What unlikely thing will happen next" Facebook photo.png

模板:Character galleries