# Just Can't Be a Dragon Here

Just Can't Be a Dragon Here

剧集
以父之名
角色
斯垃吉
The Nashville Scoring Orchestra（音乐演奏）

《Just Can't Be a Dragon Here》是《我的小马驹：友谊就是魔法》第八季的第七首歌曲，出现于第二十四集“以父之名”。这首歌由斯垃吉演唱。斯派克随后在同一集中重复唱了一小段。

歌词

斯垃吉: Spike, I'm gonna teach you a thing or two about being a dragon. So, listen up, my boy, because I'm only gonna say this once.

Look at this castle where you live

斯派克: It's pretty sweet, right?

[斯垃吉]

You can't be a dragon here

斯派克: Uh, I can't?

[斯垃吉]

Look at these books up on the wall

斯派克: Hey, I just finished organizing those!

[斯垃吉]

This treasure pile's not right, I fear

Trust me, I got you covered here. You see all this soft pony stuff you're surrounded with? This has got to be the first thing to go.

Nothin' 'bout this place says "dragon den", there's too much fluff

All these fancy robes, toss in a pile

Take those goblets, dishes, is that gold? Still not enough!

De-ponifying might just take a while

Sure, this place is grandiose

But to a dragon, it's just gross

Time we make the lot all disappear

Reality you need a dose

To all these ponies, you're too close

You just can't be a dragon here

Good job, my boy! But this is still just the beginning!

Each and every dragon has a swagger all his own

Watch and I'll show you what I mean

You can't move like this with so much stuff to weigh you down

A dragon always keeps it lean

Lose this! This! Ooh, this is nice!

Your life is soft, your scales are coiffed

These pillows, beds, and sheets are washed

A delight, but it's just not right what's underneath

Every dragon must be free

Look at you, then look at me

Since when do dragons brush their teeth?

Ha! Please!

Sure, this place is grandiose

But to a dragon, it's just gross

Time we make the lot all disappear

斯派克: What do I do?

[斯垃吉]

Just grab it all and give to me

After that, then you'll be free

You just can't be a dragon heeeeere!

斯派克: Ha! You're right! I feel better already!

斯垃吉: See? What did I tell you? You're very lucky that I found you. Now, go get me some more.

斯派克: You got it! I'm gonna go get you all the cushy pony stuff I've got... Dad.

斯垃吉: Great! Go get 'em... son!

'Cause this dragon just can't wait to live here

[sinister laughter]

我的小马驹：友谊就是魔法 — 歌曲