# A Friend for Life

A Friend for Life

剧集
小马国女孩
演唱
Jerrica Santos[1]
音乐
丹尼尔·英格拉姆
歌词
丹尼尔·英格拉姆
长度
2:25
专辑
My Little Pony Equestria Girls - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack
剧集对白
小马国女孩
BMI Work ID
17338608

《A Friend for Life》是《小马国女孩》结尾演职员表滚动时播放的歌曲。本曲由Torch Song的演唱配音，《Canadian Idol》第二季半决赛选手Jerrica Santos演唱。[1]

制作

据丹尼尔·英格拉姆所说，“这首歌放到结尾实在是千钧一发。”[2]电影并没有明确指出是谁唱了这首歌，只是放出了拿着马芬的小呆跳舞的图像，但英格拉姆发言称，“我的初衷是其他五只小马唱给暮光闪闪的情歌。”[1]

此歌的MV与2013年8月27日及28日，分别发布在孩之宝的mylittlepony及mlpequestriagirls两个Youtube频道上，[3][4]而此歌的卡拉OK版本也以“Friends for Life”的标题包含在其电影的蓝光碟片和DVD当中。2013年9月1日，为了适应在Hub Network TV首映时90分钟附带广告的放送时间，这首歌遭到消音，换上了另一首歌曲。

2014年10月10日，孩之宝为这首歌发布了另一版本的MV。添加了部分《小马国女孩：彩虹摇滚》短片“让尾巴摇摆”和“快乐的完美一天”的片段。[5]这首歌同样在《彩虹摇滚》改编小说《The Mane Event》的开头被提到，几个学生在餐厅唱着虹爆的歌曲，其歌词就有“A friend for life is what we wanna be”一句。

这首歌为原声专辑《My Little Pony Equestria Girls - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack》的第五首，也是最后一首歌曲，也是专辑《My Little Pony 2015 Convention Collection》的第十二首歌曲。

歌词

[歌手]

A friend for life (ah-ah-oh, ah-ah-ohh)

That's what you are to me (ah-ah-oh, ah-ah-ohh)

A friend for life (ah-ah-oh, ah-ah-ohh)

That's what you are to me (ah-ah-oh, ah-ah-ohh)

I couldn't see what was

Right there in front of me

Turned my back

Got my mind off track

Yeah

You saw a world that was

Something new entirely

Helped me to see

All the possibilities

Oooohhhhh....

Like a star in the day light

Or like a diamond at night

Your light was hidden

From my sight

A friend for life (ah-ah-oh, ah-ah-ohh)

That's what you are to me (ah-ah-oh, ah-ah-ohh)

A friend for life (ah-ah-oh, ah-ah-ohh)

That's what you are to me (ah-ah-oh, ah-ah-ohh)

Every friendship is tested

You say you're sincere

But it's all unclear now

But with a word

Everything changes

And just like that

You and I are right back

Oohhh....

Like a star in the day light (Star in the day light)

Or like a diamond at night (Diamond at night)

Your light will shine

When the time is right

A friend for life (ah-ah-oh, ah-ah-ohh)

That's what you are to me (ah-ah-oh, ah-ah-ohh)

A friend for life (ah-ah-oh, ah-ah-ohh)

That's what you are to me (ah-ah-oh, ah-ah-ohh)

When I put my hand out

And I thought I would fall

You knew what I needed

And you came around

To fix it all

A friend for life (ah-ah-oh, ah-ah-ohh)

That's what you are to me (ah-ah-oh, ah-ah-ohh)

A friend for life (ah-ah-oh, ah-ah-ohh)

That's what you are to me (ah-ah-oh, ah-ah-ohh)

A friend for life (ah-ah-oh, ah-ah-ohh)

That's what you are to me (ah-ah-oh, ah-ah-ohh)

Ooohh-wa-ooohh

(Like a star in the day light)

A friend for life (ah-ah-oh, ah-ah-ohh)

That's what you are to me (ah-ah-oh, ah-ah-ohh)

(Like a diamond at night)

Ah-ah-oh, ah-ah-ohhh

That's what you are to me

参考

↑ 1.0 1.1 1.2 Daniel Ingram (2013-11-17). dannyimusic: @Hazzat @MMeghan McCarthy the .... Twitter. 于2013年11月17日检索.

↑ Daniel Ingram (2013-08-16). dannyimusic: @Xeans thanks! It was a last .... Twitter. 于2013年8月28日检索.

↑ A Friend for Life MLPEG Music Video (2013-08-27). 于2013年8月28日检索.

↑ A Friend for Life MLPEG Music Video (2013-08-28). 于2013年9月3日检索.

↑ Hasbro (2014-10-10). MLP: Equestria Girls - "A Friend for Life" Music Video. YouTube. 于2014年10月13日检索.

我的小马驹：友谊就是魔法 — 歌曲

友谊就是魔法

第一季Laughter Song • Pinkie's Gala Fantasy Song • The Ticket Song • Hop Skip and Jump song • Evil Enchantress song • Winter Wrap Up • Cupcake Song • Art of the Dress • Hush Now Lullaby • Cutie Mark Crusaders Song • You Got to Share, You Got to Care • So Many Wonders • Pinkie Pie's Singing Telegram • At the Gala • I'm at the Grand Galloping Gala • Pony Pokey

第二季Find A Pet Song • Becoming Popular (The Pony Everypony Should Know) • The Heart Carol • Happy Monthiversary • Piggy Dance • The Flim Flam Brothers • The Perfect Stallion • Smile Song • Cranky Doodle Donkey • Welcome Song • Cranky Doodle Joy • B.B.B.F.F. • This Day Aria, Part 1 • This Day Aria, Part 2 • Love Is In Bloom

第三季The Failure Song • The Ballad of the Crystal Empire • The Success Song • Babs Seed • Raise This Barn • Morning in Ponyville • What My Cutie Mark Is Telling Me • I've Got to Find a Way • A True, True Friend • Celestia's Ballad • Behold, Princess Twilight Sparkle • Life in Equestria

第四季Hearts Strong as Horses • Bats • Generosity • Apples to the Core • Glass of Water • Pinkie the Party Planner • The Super Duper Party Pony • Pinkie's Lament • The Goof Off • Cheese Confesses • Make a Wish • Music in the Treetops • Find the Music in You • Flim Flam Miracle Curative Tonic • The rappin' Hist'ry of the Wonderbolts • You'll Play Your Part • Let the Rainbow Remind You

第五季In Our Town • Make This Castle A Home • I'll Fly • Rules of Rarity • Sisterhood • We'll Make Our Mark（序曲） • The Vote • The Pony I Want to Be • Light of Your Cutie Mark • The Pony I Want to Be（重复） • We'll Make Our Mark • Equestria, the Land I Love • The Spectacle • The Magic Inside • Equestria, the Land I Love（重复） • Friends Are Always There For You

第六季Out On My Own • Hearth's Warming Eve Is Here Once Again • Say Goodbye to the Holiday • The Seeds of the Past (part 1 & 2) • Pinkie's Present • Luna's Future • Hearth's Warming Eve Is Here Once Again（重复） • Can I Do It On My Own • It's Gonna Work • Derby Racers • A Changeling Can Change • Find the Purpose in Your Life

第七季Best Friends Until the End of Time • Battle for Sugar Belle • You're In My Head Like a Catchy Song • Flawless • Blank Flanks Forever

第八季School of Friendship • Friendship Always Wins •  Your Heart Is in Two Places • Friendship U • We're Friendship Bound • A Kirin Tale • Just Can't Be a Dragon Here

最棒的礼物One More Day • The True Gift of Gifting

第九季The Place Where We Belong • Fit Right In • Better Way to Be Bad • Lotta Little Things • The Last Laugh • Being Big is All It Takes • The Magic of Friendship Grows

彩虹之旅Rainbow Roadtrip • The End of the Rainbow • Living in Color

小马国女孩

小马国女孩This Strange World • Equestria Girls • Time to Come Together • This is Our Big Night • A Friend for Life • My Little Pony Friends（删节）

彩虹摇滚让尾巴摇摆 • 快乐的完美一天 • Rainbow Rocks • Better Than Ever • Battle • Bad Counter Spell • Under Our Spell • Tricks Up My Sleeve • Awesome As I Wanna Be • Welcome to the Show • Rainbooms Battle • Shine Like Rainbows • Life is a Runway • 抛开过去 • Friendship Through the Ages

友谊大赛Friendship Games • CHS Rally Song • What More Is Out There? • ACADECA •  Unleash the Magic • Right There in Front of Me

无尽之森传奇The Legend of Everfree • The Midnight in Me • Embrace the Magic • We Will Stand For Everfree • Legend You Were Meant To Be • Hope Shines Eternal

特别篇热舞魔法 • We've Come So Far • Invisible • Photo Booth • All Good • True Original

动画短片快乐的完美一天 • 人生是场T台秀 • 抛开过去 • 友谊永存 • 科学怪暮 • 周一的阴郁 • 摇上一摇 • 演出疾驰不息 • 世界真小 • 善良共鸣 • Rise Up! • Room to Grow • 朝五晚九 • 另外一面 • 灵感彼岸 • 游艇逍遥 • 尽情奔跑 • 寻觅魔力 • 任雨狂 • 增添力量

我的小马驹大电影

We Got the Beat • We Got This Together • I'm the Friend You Need • Time to Be Awesome • One Small Thing • Open Up Your Eyes • Rainbow • Off To See The World

其他

书籍中的歌曲Laugh, Ponyacci, Laugh • Hearth's Warming Peeve • The Flim Flam Peelcore 8000 • It's the Pop • Rhythm of Our Names • Cold Hooves, Warm Hearts • Windy the Windigo • Talk to Your Friends

专辑歌曲True True Friend Winter Wrap-Up • It's a Pony Kind of Christmas • Jingle Bells • Deck the Halls • We Wish You a Merry Christmas • Silent Night • Twelve Days of Christmas • Last Year I Got Coal for Christmas • Jolly Ol' St. Nick • Days Gone By (Auld Lang Syne) • Thank You for Being a Friend • Can You Feel It • I'll Chase the Sky • No Better Feelin' • I'll Be Around • Neighsayer • Equestria

其他我的小马驹主题曲 • Equestria Girls（商业广告） • The Fresh Princess of Friendship • Happy Birthday to You! • Equestria Girls Forever • Saved by My Friends • 小马日常主题曲 • We Shine Brighter Together • Wild Heart Beats

专辑与单曲

Songs of Friendship and Magic • Songs of Ponyville • Rainbow Rocks - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack • Magical Friendship Tour • Equestria Girls - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack • Rainbow Rocks CD • Equestria Girls CD • Songs of Harmony • Friendship is Magic Remixed • 2015 Convention Collection • Friendship Games - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack • It's a Pony Kind of Christmas • Friendship is Magic Collection • Equestria Girls Collection • Pinkie Pie's Party Playlist • Legend of Everfree - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack • Explore Equestria: Greatest Hits • My Little Pony: The Movie (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) • My Little Pony: The Movie (Original Motion Picture Score) • DJ Pon-3 Presents: The Remixes Vol. 2 • DJ Pon-3 Presents: Halloween • Friendship is Magic: The Instrumentals • Equestria Girls: The Instrumentals • DJ Pon-3 Presents: The Remixes Vol.3 • DJ Pon-3 Presents: The Remixes Vol. 4

英文原文：A Friend for Life