# A Kirin Tale

A Kirin Tale

剧集
寂静之声
角色
秋烨
演唱
蕾切尔·布鲁姆
制作
The Nashville Scoring Orchestra（音乐演奏）
音乐
丹尼尔·英格拉姆
歌词
吉姆·米勒
妮科尔·迪比
调号
F大调
F大调、G大调（重复）
长度
3:08
季
第八季
剧集对白
寂静之声

《A Kirin Tale》是《我的小马驹：友谊就是魔法》第八季的第六首歌曲，出现在第23集“寂静之声”中。这首歌由秋烨演唱。在2018年圣迭戈漫画展的我的小马驹展区中，这首歌曾被提前播放过。在本集最后的本曲的重复，是第六首演唱于剧集结尾的歌曲；在此之前，还有《Love Is In Bloom》、《The Success Song》、《Life in Equestria》、《Let the Rainbow Remind You》、《Friends Are Always There For You》等。

制作

根据共同词作家与监督导演吉姆·米勒所说，蕾切尔·布鲁姆给秋晔配音的时候，语气中多了几分幽默，使得角色性格有所改变。于是他又重写了歌词，并由妮科尔·迪比润色。[1][2]

歌词

[秋烨]

La, la-la-la, la-la

La-la-la, la-la-la

The Kirin used to speak and sing

We weren't always quiet

We told stories and funny jokes

My stand-up was a riot

But then one day, a fight broke out

And hurtful words were said

Flaring tempers were inflamed

Destruction quickly spread

And flaming bred from head to head

Even burnt our... bread

Sorry, I forgot how much I love rhyming. Where was I? Oh, right!

My happy village lay in ruins

Relationships got worse

Spoiler alert: we quickly learned

That words could be a curse

"No more talking," yelled our leader

The last thing said aloud

Into the Stream of Silence

We stepped as a crowd

The water cooled emotions

And peace was soon restored

But with no way to speak my thoughts

I got super... bored

Seriously, there's only so long that Sudoku can keep you entertained!

'Cause rainbows won't light up the sky

Unless you let it rain

And shiny apples sometimes come with worms

But you can't give up your laughter

'Cause you're scared of a little pain

It's a lesson that the Kirin never learned

I was stuck in silent prison

With the voices in my head

'Til I tripped over my salvation

In a helpful flowerbed

I found a cure to clear my pipes

And I became quite chatty

With years and years of stored-up words

I drove my village batty

They didn't like my jokes and songs

And daily dose of news

The plays I wrote, the speeches spoke

Variety reviews

Wrote a story about the Kirin who hid below an opera stage

And fell in love with this opera singer, and he wore a freaky half-mask thing, and he played the organ a lot and got all broody 'cause the singer was in love with another dude, so he took her away on this underground gondola. I mean, who doesn't love musical theater?!

The village leader made it clear

I had to make my choice

I could stay and live with them

Or I could keep my voice

So I came here, but left the couch alone

They're hard to move

With just the view for company

Until ya heard me groove

Take it away, boys!

[beat]

'Cause rainbows won't light up the sky

Unless you let it rain

And candles just won't glow until they've burned

No, you can't give up your laughter

'Cause you're scared of a little pain

It's a lesson that my village never learned

No matter how hard I schooled them

Fear of hurt is still what ruled them

Sometimes you gotta let it raaaaaaaain!

Yeah, sometimes you gotta let it rain

重复

[秋烨]

'Cause rainbows won't light up the sky

Unless you let it rain

And candles just won't glow until they've burned

No, you can't give up your laughter

'Cause you're scared of a little pain

It's a lesson that my village never learned

Oh, yes, 'cause rainbows won't light up the sky

Unless you let it...

Raaaaaaaain!

参考

↑ Jim Miller (2018-09-29). Fun fact about today’s #MLPSeason8 episode. Once @Racheldoesstuff agreed to play Autumn Blaze, we knew the tone of the character needed to be funnier. We had to do a quick rewrite of the song. Since we were pressed for time, I did an initial pass at the lyrics which.... Twitter. 于2018年9月29日检索.

↑ Jim Miller (2018-09-29). ...@NicoleDubuc made a million times better. @dannyimusic came in and make it all work with a fantastic song, and @Racheldoesstuff made it all come together with a fantastic performance. And now you know.. Twitter. 于2018年9月29日检索.

我的小马驹：友谊就是魔法 — 歌曲

友谊就是魔法

第一季Laughter Song • Pinkie's Gala Fantasy Song • The Ticket Song • Hop Skip and Jump song • Evil Enchantress song • Winter Wrap Up • Cupcake Song • Art of the Dress • Hush Now Lullaby • Cutie Mark Crusaders Song • You Got to Share, You Got to Care • So Many Wonders • Pinkie Pie's Singing Telegram • At the Gala • I'm at the Grand Galloping Gala • Pony Pokey

第二季Find A Pet Song • Becoming Popular (The Pony Everypony Should Know) • The Heart Carol • Happy Monthiversary • Piggy Dance • The Flim Flam Brothers • The Perfect Stallion • Smile Song • Cranky Doodle Donkey • Welcome Song • Cranky Doodle Joy • B.B.B.F.F. • This Day Aria, Part 1 • This Day Aria, Part 2 • Love Is In Bloom

第三季The Failure Song • The Ballad of the Crystal Empire • The Success Song • Babs Seed • Raise This Barn • Morning in Ponyville • What My Cutie Mark Is Telling Me • I've Got to Find a Way • A True, True Friend • Celestia's Ballad • Behold, Princess Twilight Sparkle • Life in Equestria

第四季Hearts Strong as Horses • Bats • Generosity • Apples to the Core • Glass of Water • Pinkie the Party Planner • The Super Duper Party Pony • Pinkie's Lament • The Goof Off • Cheese Confesses • Make a Wish • Music in the Treetops • Find the Music in You • Flim Flam Miracle Curative Tonic • The rappin' Hist'ry of the Wonderbolts • You'll Play Your Part • Let the Rainbow Remind You

第五季In Our Town • Make This Castle A Home • I'll Fly • Rules of Rarity • Sisterhood • We'll Make Our Mark（序曲） • The Vote • The Pony I Want to Be • Light of Your Cutie Mark • The Pony I Want to Be（重复） • We'll Make Our Mark • Equestria, the Land I Love • The Spectacle • The Magic Inside • Equestria, the Land I Love（重复） • Friends Are Always There For You

第六季Out On My Own • Hearth's Warming Eve Is Here Once Again • Say Goodbye to the Holiday • The Seeds of the Past (part 1 & 2) • Pinkie's Present • Luna's Future • Hearth's Warming Eve Is Here Once Again（重复） • Can I Do It On My Own • It's Gonna Work • Derby Racers • A Changeling Can Change • Find the Purpose in Your Life

第七季Best Friends Until the End of Time • Battle for Sugar Belle • You're In My Head Like a Catchy Song • Flawless • Blank Flanks Forever

第八季School of Friendship • Friendship Always Wins •  Your Heart Is in Two Places • Friendship U • We're Friendship Bound • A Kirin Tale • Just Can't Be a Dragon Here

最棒的礼物One More Day • The True Gift of Gifting

第九季The Place Where We Belong • Fit Right In • Better Way to Be Bad • Lotta Little Things • The Last Laugh • Being Big is All It Takes • The Magic of Friendship Grows

彩虹之旅Rainbow Roadtrip • The End of the Rainbow • Living in Color

小马国女孩

小马国女孩This Strange World • Equestria Girls • Time to Come Together • This is Our Big Night • A Friend for Life • My Little Pony Friends（删节）

彩虹摇滚让尾巴摇摆 • 快乐的完美一天 • Rainbow Rocks • Better Than Ever • Battle • Bad Counter Spell • Under Our Spell • Tricks Up My Sleeve • Awesome As I Wanna Be • Welcome to the Show • Rainbooms Battle • Shine Like Rainbows • Life is a Runway • 抛开过去 • Friendship Through the Ages

友谊大赛Friendship Games • CHS Rally Song • What More Is Out There? • ACADECA •  Unleash the Magic • Right There in Front of Me

无尽之森传奇The Legend of Everfree • The Midnight in Me • Embrace the Magic • We Will Stand For Everfree • Legend You Were Meant To Be • Hope Shines Eternal

特别篇热舞魔法 • We've Come So Far • Invisible • Photo Booth • All Good • True Original

动画短片快乐的完美一天 • 人生是场T台秀 • 抛开过去 • 友谊永存 • 科学怪暮 • 周一的阴郁 • 摇上一摇 • 演出疾驰不息 • 世界真小 • 善良共鸣 • Rise Up! • Room to Grow • 朝五晚九 • 另外一面 • 灵感彼岸 • 游艇逍遥 • 尽情奔跑 • 寻觅魔力 • 任雨狂 • 增添力量

我的小马驹大电影

We Got the Beat • We Got This Together • I'm the Friend You Need • Time to Be Awesome • One Small Thing • Open Up Your Eyes • Rainbow • Off To See The World

其他

书籍中的歌曲Laugh, Ponyacci, Laugh • Hearth's Warming Peeve • The Flim Flam Peelcore 8000 • It's the Pop • Rhythm of Our Names • Cold Hooves, Warm Hearts • Windy the Windigo • Talk to Your Friends

专辑歌曲True True Friend Winter Wrap-Up • It's a Pony Kind of Christmas • Jingle Bells • Deck the Halls • We Wish You a Merry Christmas • Silent Night • Twelve Days of Christmas • Last Year I Got Coal for Christmas • Jolly Ol' St. Nick • Days Gone By (Auld Lang Syne) • Thank You for Being a Friend • Can You Feel It • I'll Chase the Sky • No Better Feelin' • I'll Be Around • Neighsayer • Equestria

其他我的小马驹主题曲 • Equestria Girls（商业广告） • The Fresh Princess of Friendship • Happy Birthday to You! • Equestria Girls Forever • Saved by My Friends • 小马日常主题曲 • We Shine Brighter Together • Wild Heart Beats

专辑与单曲

Songs of Friendship and Magic • Songs of Ponyville • Rainbow Rocks - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack • Magical Friendship Tour • Equestria Girls - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack • Rainbow Rocks CD • Equestria Girls CD • Songs of Harmony • Friendship is Magic Remixed • 2015 Convention Collection • Friendship Games - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack • It's a Pony Kind of Christmas • Friendship is Magic Collection • Equestria Girls Collection • Pinkie Pie's Party Playlist • Legend of Everfree - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack • Explore Equestria: Greatest Hits • My Little Pony: The Movie (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) • My Little Pony: The Movie (Original Motion Picture Score) • DJ Pon-3 Presents: The Remixes Vol. 2 • DJ Pon-3 Presents: Halloween • Friendship is Magic: The Instrumentals • Equestria Girls: The Instrumentals • DJ Pon-3 Presents: The Remixes Vol.3 • DJ Pon-3 Presents: The Remixes Vol. 4

英文原文：A Kirin Tale