# A True, True Friend

A True, True Friend

剧集
命运魔咒
角色
暮光闪闪
苹果杰克
小蝶
云宝黛茜
萍琪派
瑞瑞
众马
演唱
丽贝卡·萧伊凯特
艾希莉·波尔
安德烈娅·利布曼
珊农·陈-肯特
和美·埃文斯
不列颠哥伦比亚大学合唱团
音乐
丹尼尔·英格拉姆
斯特凡·安德鲁（管弦乐）
歌词
丹尼尔·英格拉姆
长度
3:28
专辑
Songs of Ponyville
季
第三季
剧集对白
命运魔咒

《A True, True Friend》是第三季最终集“命运魔咒”七首歌中的第四首歌曲。2013年2月11日，在这周剧集放送之前，这首歌便已经泄露。这首歌的最后一段可以在结尾职员表画面中听到。这首歌在DVD《My Little Pony Friendship is Magic: Princess Twilight Sparkle》中作为一首跟唱歌曲发行。[1]剧集播放后，孩之宝的“My Little Pony”脸谱页面发布了一段回顾视频，使用了这首歌的一首混响，还从剧集中截取了一些片段。[2]

这首歌为专辑《Songs of Ponyville》的第六首歌曲。这首歌的专辑版本中，瑞瑞的歌词“Lose the apple farm?”等经过了重新录制。在原声专辑《Songs of Harmony》中，出现了这首歌与第一季歌曲《Winter Wrap Up》的终极混搭歌曲《True True Friend Winter Wrap-Up》，其中有马迷音乐家加布里埃尔·布朗献声。这首歌同时是专辑《My Little Pony 2015 Convention Collection》的第三首歌曲。

这首歌的伴奏版本可以在“My Little Pony: Puzzle Party”的选关菜单中听到，还是《我的小马驹：友谊就是魔法》第一季到第六季回顾视频“Days of Ponies Past”最后八分之三部分的背景音乐。

歌词

  主角们拥抱在一起

暮光闪闪: It worked! It worked! Oh, I'm so happy you're back to normal! Now we need your help!

A true, true friend helps a friend in need

A friend will be there to help them see

[暮光和小蝶]

A true, true friend helps a friend in need

To see the light that shines from a true, true friend

云宝黛茜: Um, hello? Friend trapped inside, remember?

[暮光闪闪]

Rarity needs your help

She's trying hard, doing what she can

[小蝶]

Would you try, just give it a chance

You might find that you'll start to understand

[暮光和小蝶]

A true, true friend helps a friend in need

A friend will be there to help you see

A true, true friend helps a friend in need

To see the light that shines from a true, true friend

云宝黛茜: Uh, what just happened?

暮光闪闪: There's no time to explain, but we need your help. Applejack's trying to make dresses!

云宝黛茜: Say no more!

[云宝黛茜]

Applejack needs your help

She's trying hard, doing what she can

Would you try, just give it a chance

You might find that you'll start to understand

[暮光、小蝶和云宝黛茜]

A true, true friend helps a friend in need

A friend will be there to help them see

A true, true friend helps a friend in need

To see the light that shines from a true, true friend

瑞瑞: [gasps] Oh my, what a terrible dream I had. Or, maybe I'm still having it.

暮光闪闪: Rarity, Pinkie Pie is about to lose the apple farm. We need Applejack's help!

瑞瑞: Lose the apple farm? Well we can't let that happen, now can we?

[瑞瑞]

Pinkie Pie is in trouble

We need to get there by her side

We can try to do what we can now

For together we can be her guide

[暮光、小蝶、云宝黛茜和瑞瑞]

A true, true friend helps a friend in need

A friend will be there to help them see

A true, true friend helps a friend in need

To see the light that shines from a true, true friend

苹果杰克: Yee-haw! Now that's more like it! What's next?

暮光闪闪: The townspeople are furious. We need the old Pinkie Pie back.

苹果杰克: I'm on it. I know just the thing.

[苹果杰克]

The townspeople need you

They've been sad for a while

They march around, face a-frown

And never seem to smile

And if you feel like helpin'

We'd appreciate a lot

If you'd get up there and spread some cheer

From here to Canterlot

萍琪派: Come on ponies, I wanna see you SMILE!

众马: PINKIE!

[主角组及众马]

A true, true friend helps a friend in need

A friend will be there to help them see

A true, true friend helps a friend in need

To see the light! (To see the light!)

That shines! (That shines!)

From a true, true friend!

另见

True True Friend Winter Wrap-Up

参考

↑ Tori Michel (2013-04-16). My Little Pony: Friendship is Magic - Princess Twilight Sparkle on DVD. About.com. 于2013年4月19日检索.

↑ Feb 16, 2013 9:02am. Facebook (2013-02-16). 于2013年2月17日检索.

我的小马驹：友谊就是魔法 — 歌曲

友谊就是魔法

第一季Laughter Song • Pinkie's Gala Fantasy Song • The Ticket Song • Hop Skip and Jump song • Evil Enchantress song • Winter Wrap Up • Cupcake Song • Art of the Dress • Hush Now Lullaby • Cutie Mark Crusaders Song • You Got to Share, You Got to Care • So Many Wonders • Pinkie Pie's Singing Telegram • At the Gala • I'm at the Grand Galloping Gala • Pony Pokey

第二季Find A Pet Song • Becoming Popular (The Pony Everypony Should Know) • The Heart Carol • Happy Monthiversary • Piggy Dance • The Flim Flam Brothers • The Perfect Stallion • Smile Song • Cranky Doodle Donkey • Welcome Song • Cranky Doodle Joy • B.B.B.F.F. • This Day Aria, Part 1 • This Day Aria, Part 2 • Love Is In Bloom

第三季The Failure Song • The Ballad of the Crystal Empire • The Success Song • Babs Seed • Raise This Barn • Morning in Ponyville • What My Cutie Mark Is Telling Me • I've Got to Find a Way • A True, True Friend • Celestia's Ballad • Behold, Princess Twilight Sparkle • Life in Equestria

第四季Hearts Strong as Horses • Bats • Generosity • Apples to the Core • Glass of Water • Pinkie the Party Planner • The Super Duper Party Pony • Pinkie's Lament • The Goof Off • Cheese Confesses • Make a Wish • Music in the Treetops • Find the Music in You • Flim Flam Miracle Curative Tonic • The rappin' Hist'ry of the Wonderbolts • You'll Play Your Part • Let the Rainbow Remind You

第五季In Our Town • Make This Castle A Home • I'll Fly • Rules of Rarity • Sisterhood • We'll Make Our Mark（序曲） • The Vote • The Pony I Want to Be • Light of Your Cutie Mark • The Pony I Want to Be（重复） • We'll Make Our Mark • Equestria, the Land I Love • The Spectacle • The Magic Inside • Equestria, the Land I Love（重复） • Friends Are Always There For You

第六季Out On My Own • Hearth's Warming Eve Is Here Once Again • Say Goodbye to the Holiday • The Seeds of the Past (part 1 & 2) • Pinkie's Present • Luna's Future • Hearth's Warming Eve Is Here Once Again（重复） • Can I Do It On My Own • It's Gonna Work • Derby Racers • A Changeling Can Change • Find the Purpose in Your Life

第七季Best Friends Until the End of Time • Battle for Sugar Belle • You're In My Head Like a Catchy Song • Flawless • Blank Flanks Forever

第八季School of Friendship • Friendship Always Wins •  Your Heart Is in Two Places • Friendship U • We're Friendship Bound • A Kirin Tale • Just Can't Be a Dragon Here

最棒的礼物One More Day • The True Gift of Gifting

第九季The Place Where We Belong • Fit Right In • Better Way to Be Bad • Lotta Little Things • The Last Laugh • Being Big is All It Takes • The Magic of Friendship Grows

彩虹之旅Rainbow Roadtrip • The End of the Rainbow • Living in Color

小马国女孩

小马国女孩This Strange World • Equestria Girls • Time to Come Together • This is Our Big Night • A Friend for Life • My Little Pony Friends（删节）

彩虹摇滚让尾巴摇摆 • 快乐的完美一天 • Rainbow Rocks • Better Than Ever • Battle • Bad Counter Spell • Under Our Spell • Tricks Up My Sleeve • Awesome As I Wanna Be • Welcome to the Show • Rainbooms Battle • Shine Like Rainbows • Life is a Runway • 抛开过去 • Friendship Through the Ages

友谊大赛Friendship Games • CHS Rally Song • What More Is Out There? • ACADECA •  Unleash the Magic • Right There in Front of Me

无尽之森传奇The Legend of Everfree • The Midnight in Me • Embrace the Magic • We Will Stand For Everfree • Legend You Were Meant To Be • Hope Shines Eternal

特别篇热舞魔法 • We've Come So Far • Invisible • Photo Booth • All Good • True Original

动画短片快乐的完美一天 • 人生是场T台秀 • 抛开过去 • 友谊永存 • 科学怪暮 • 周一的阴郁 • 摇上一摇 • 演出疾驰不息 • 世界真小 • 善良共鸣 • Rise Up! • Room to Grow • 朝五晚九 • 另外一面 • 灵感彼岸 • 游艇逍遥 • 尽情奔跑 • 寻觅魔力 • 任雨狂 • 增添力量

我的小马驹大电影

We Got the Beat • We Got This Together • I'm the Friend You Need • Time to Be Awesome • One Small Thing • Open Up Your Eyes • Rainbow • Off To See The World

其他

书籍中的歌曲Laugh, Ponyacci, Laugh • Hearth's Warming Peeve • The Flim Flam Peelcore 8000 • It's the Pop • Rhythm of Our Names • Cold Hooves, Warm Hearts • Windy the Windigo • Talk to Your Friends

专辑歌曲True True Friend Winter Wrap-Up • It's a Pony Kind of Christmas • Jingle Bells • Deck the Halls • We Wish You a Merry Christmas • Silent Night • Twelve Days of Christmas • Last Year I Got Coal for Christmas • Jolly Ol' St. Nick • Days Gone By (Auld Lang Syne) • Thank You for Being a Friend • Can You Feel It • I'll Chase the Sky • No Better Feelin' • I'll Be Around • Neighsayer • Equestria

其他我的小马驹主题曲 • Equestria Girls（商业广告） • The Fresh Princess of Friendship • Happy Birthday to You! • Equestria Girls Forever • Saved by My Friends • 小马日常主题曲 • We Shine Brighter Together • Wild Heart Beats

专辑与单曲

Songs of Friendship and Magic • Songs of Ponyville • Rainbow Rocks - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack • Magical Friendship Tour • Equestria Girls - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack • Rainbow Rocks CD • Equestria Girls CD • Songs of Harmony • Friendship is Magic Remixed • 2015 Convention Collection • Friendship Games - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack • It's a Pony Kind of Christmas • Friendship is Magic Collection • Equestria Girls Collection • Pinkie Pie's Party Playlist • Legend of Everfree - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack • Explore Equestria: Greatest Hits • My Little Pony: The Movie (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) • My Little Pony: The Movie (Original Motion Picture Score) • DJ Pon-3 Presents: The Remixes Vol. 2 • DJ Pon-3 Presents: Halloween • Friendship is Magic: The Instrumentals • Equestria Girls: The Instrumentals • DJ Pon-3 Presents: The Remixes Vol.3 • DJ Pon-3 Presents: The Remixes Vol. 4

英文原文：A True, True Friend