# At the Gala

At the Gala

剧集
最佳良宵
角色
暮光闪闪
苹果杰克
小蝶
云宝黛茜
萍琪派
瑞瑞
众马
演唱
丽贝卡·萧伊凯特
艾希莉·波尔
安德烈娅·利布曼
珊农·陈-肯特
和美·埃文斯
The Cypress Singers[1][2]
制作
Jocelan Thiessen（故事板）[3]
音乐
丹尼尔·英格拉姆
斯特凡·安德鲁（管弦乐编曲）
歌词
艾米·基廷·罗杰斯
长度
3:18
专辑
Songs of Friendship and Magic
季
第一季
剧集对白
最佳良宵
BMI Work ID
13382102

《At the Gala》[4][5]或 《The Gala Song》[6]是剧集“最佳良宵”中的第一首歌曲，其曲调与美国著名音乐剧及电影音乐作曲家及作词家斯蒂芬·桑德海姆于1987年创作的音乐剧《步入森林》（《Into the Woods》）中的歌曲《Ever After》相似。

制作

在剧集播出前的两个月，丹尼尔·英格拉姆在一次采访中透露，他最喜欢的一首歌曲还没有放出，而它将会是一首包含了二十个人的合唱，以及每一匹小马独唱的“史诗般的”歌曲。[7]二十人合唱团由Monique Creber领导（她是小苹花的配音演员米歇尔·克雷伯的母亲）。歌曲的合唱部分是在位于加拿大温哥华市的布莱恩·亚当斯的 Warehouse工作室录制的。[8]

这首歌的跟唱版本被发布在了名为《My Little Pony Friendship is Magic: Season One Disc 4》的DVD上。这首歌的乐曲部分被用在了网站Hub Network皇城、婚礼页面的主菜单上，以及他们的游戏《Rarity's Bridal Boutique》和《DJ Pinkie Pie》上。在上述的“DJ”游戏中，这首歌以及Hush Now Lullaby、You Got to Share, You Got to Care被归类为蓝调音乐。[9]这首歌被收录在了节目《My Little Pony Live Show》中。

这是《Songs of Friendship and Magic》原声带专辑的第一首歌曲，歌名为《At the Gala Song》。同时这也是黑胶唱片《Magical Friendship Tour》B面的第四首歌，《My Little Pony 2015 Convention Collection》的第九首歌。此外，上述专辑的这首歌中,暮暮的歌词，例如"I can't believe we're finally here!"，都被重新录制了。

歌词

暮光闪闪: I can't believe we're finally here. With all that we've imagined, the reality of this night is sure to make this... The Best Night Ever!

[暮光闪闪]

At the Gala

[合唱]

At the Gala

[小蝶]

At the Gala

In the garden

I'm going to see them all

All the creatures

I'll befriend them at the Gala

[合唱]

At the Gala

[小蝶]

All the birdies

And the critters

They will love me big and small

We'll become good friends forever

Right here at the Gala!

[合唱]

All our dreams will come true

Right here at the Gala

At the Gala

[苹果杰克]

At the Gala (It's amazing)

I will sell them (Better hurry)

All my appletastic treats (Yummy yummy)

Hungry ponies (They'll be snacking)

They will buy them (Bring your money)

Caramel apples, apple sweets (Gimme some)

And I'll earn a lot of money

for the Apple family!

[合唱]

All our dreams and our hopes from now until hereafter

All that we've been wishing for will happen at the Gala

At the Gala

[瑞瑞]

At the Gala

All the royals

They will meet fair Rarity

They will see I'm just as regal at the Gala

[合唱]

At the Gala

[瑞瑞]

I will find him

My Prince Charming

And how gallant he will be

He will treat me like a lady

Tonight at the Gala!

[合唱]

This is what we've waited for to have the best night ever

Each of us will live our dreams

Tonight at the Gala

At the Gala

[云宝黛茜]

Been dreamin'

I've been waitin'

To fly with those great ponies

The Wonderbolts, their daring tricks

Spinning 'round and having kicks

Perform for crowds of thousands

They'll shower us with diamonds

The Wonderbolts will see me right here at the Gala!

[合唱]

All we've longed for

All we've dreamed

Our happy ever after

Finally will all come true

Right here at the Grand Gala

At the Gala

[萍琪派]

I am here at the Grand Gala

For it is the best party

But the one thing it was missing was a pony named Pinkie

For I am the best at parties, all the ponies will agree

Ponies playing

Ponies dancing

With me at the Grand Gala!

[合唱]

Happiness and laughter at the Gala

At the Gala

[暮光闪闪]

At the Gala (At the Gala)

With the Princess (With the Princess)

Is where I'm going to be (She will be)

We will talk all about magic and what I've learned and seen (She will see)

It is going to be so special

As she takes time just for me (This will be the best night ever!)

[合唱]

Into the Gala we must go

We're ready now, we're all aglow

Into the Gala, let's go in and have the best night ever

Into the Gala, now's the time

We're ready and we look divine!

[合唱和小蝶]

Into the Gala

[小蝶]

Meet new friends

[合唱和苹果杰克]

Into the Gala

[苹果杰克]

Sell some apples

[合唱和瑞瑞]

Into the Gala

[瑞瑞]

Find my Prince

[合唱和云宝黛茜]

Prove I'm great

[云宝黛茜]

As a Wonderbolt is

小蝶: To meet!

苹果杰克: To sell!

瑞瑞: To find!

云宝黛茜: To prove!

萍琪派: To whoop!

暮光闪闪: To talk!

[全体]

Into the Gala

Into the Gala

And we'll have the best night ever!

At the Gala!

参考

↑ Michelle Creber on Facebook (2012-02-19). 于2012年2月19日检索.

↑ Michelle Creber confirmation #2 (2012-08-27). 于2012年8月12日检索.

↑ Sabrina Alberghetti (2012-02-15). Comment on Sibsy's profile. DeviantArt. 于2014年7月10日检索.

↑ Daniel Ingram confirming the correct title of the song on his Facebook wall (2012-05-10). 于2012年5月10日检索.

↑ BMI Work #13382102

↑ Name of song on Daniel Ingram's site. 于2012年5月11日检索.

↑ Shaun Scotellaro (2011-03-23). Daniel Ingram Interview has arrived!. Equestria Daily. 于2011年9月3日检索.

↑ Michelle Creber on Facebook (2012-06-09). 于2012年6月9日检索.

↑ http://www.hubnetwork.com/sites/default/files/games/game_c_mlpdjpinkiepie_update/assets/music/DJ_track2.mp3

我的小马驹：友谊就是魔法 — 歌曲

友谊就是魔法

第一季Laughter Song • Pinkie's Gala Fantasy Song • The Ticket Song • Hop Skip and Jump song • Evil Enchantress song • Winter Wrap Up • Cupcake Song • Art of the Dress • Hush Now Lullaby • Cutie Mark Crusaders Song • You Got to Share, You Got to Care • So Many Wonders • Pinkie Pie's Singing Telegram • At the Gala • I'm at the Grand Galloping Gala • Pony Pokey

第二季Find A Pet Song • Becoming Popular (The Pony Everypony Should Know) • The Heart Carol • Happy Monthiversary • Piggy Dance • The Flim Flam Brothers • The Perfect Stallion • Smile Song • Cranky Doodle Donkey • Welcome Song • Cranky Doodle Joy • B.B.B.F.F. • This Day Aria, Part 1 • This Day Aria, Part 2 • Love Is In Bloom

第三季The Failure Song • The Ballad of the Crystal Empire • The Success Song • Babs Seed • Raise This Barn • Morning in Ponyville • What My Cutie Mark Is Telling Me • I've Got to Find a Way • A True, True Friend • Celestia's Ballad • Behold, Princess Twilight Sparkle • Life in Equestria

第四季Hearts Strong as Horses • Bats • Generosity • Apples to the Core • Glass of Water • Pinkie the Party Planner • The Super Duper Party Pony • Pinkie's Lament • The Goof Off • Cheese Confesses • Make a Wish • Music in the Treetops • Find the Music in You • Flim Flam Miracle Curative Tonic • The rappin' Hist'ry of the Wonderbolts • You'll Play Your Part • Let the Rainbow Remind You

第五季In Our Town • Make This Castle A Home • I'll Fly • Rules of Rarity • Sisterhood • We'll Make Our Mark（序曲） • The Vote • The Pony I Want to Be • Light of Your Cutie Mark • The Pony I Want to Be（重复） • We'll Make Our Mark • Equestria, the Land I Love • The Spectacle • The Magic Inside • Equestria, the Land I Love（重复） • Friends Are Always There For You

第六季Out On My Own • Hearth's Warming Eve Is Here Once Again • Say Goodbye to the Holiday • The Seeds of the Past (part 1 & 2) • Pinkie's Present • Luna's Future • Hearth's Warming Eve Is Here Once Again（重复） • Can I Do It On My Own • It's Gonna Work • Derby Racers • A Changeling Can Change • Find the Purpose in Your Life

第七季Best Friends Until the End of Time • Battle for Sugar Belle • You're In My Head Like a Catchy Song • Flawless • Blank Flanks Forever

第八季School of Friendship • Friendship Always Wins •  Your Heart Is in Two Places • Friendship U • We're Friendship Bound • A Kirin Tale • Just Can't Be a Dragon Here

最棒的礼物One More Day • The True Gift of Gifting

第九季The Place Where We Belong • Fit Right In • Better Way to Be Bad • Lotta Little Things • The Last Laugh • Being Big is All It Takes • The Magic of Friendship Grows

彩虹之旅Rainbow Roadtrip • The End of the Rainbow • Living in Color

小马国女孩

小马国女孩This Strange World • Equestria Girls • Time to Come Together • This is Our Big Night • A Friend for Life • My Little Pony Friends（删节）

彩虹摇滚让尾巴摇摆 • 快乐的完美一天 • Rainbow Rocks • Better Than Ever • Battle • Bad Counter Spell • Under Our Spell • Tricks Up My Sleeve • Awesome As I Wanna Be • Welcome to the Show • Rainbooms Battle • Shine Like Rainbows • Life is a Runway • 抛开过去 • Friendship Through the Ages

友谊大赛Friendship Games • CHS Rally Song • What More Is Out There? • ACADECA •  Unleash the Magic • Right There in Front of Me

无尽之森传奇The Legend of Everfree • The Midnight in Me • Embrace the Magic • We Will Stand For Everfree • Legend You Were Meant To Be • Hope Shines Eternal

特别篇热舞魔法 • We've Come So Far • Invisible • Photo Booth • All Good • True Original

动画短片快乐的完美一天 • 人生是场T台秀 • 抛开过去 • 友谊永存 • 科学怪暮 • 周一的阴郁 • 摇上一摇 • 演出疾驰不息 • 世界真小 • 善良共鸣 • Rise Up! • Room to Grow • 朝五晚九 • 另外一面 • 灵感彼岸 • 游艇逍遥 • 尽情奔跑 • 寻觅魔力 • 任雨狂 • 增添力量

我的小马驹大电影

We Got the Beat • We Got This Together • I'm the Friend You Need • Time to Be Awesome • One Small Thing • Open Up Your Eyes • Rainbow • Off To See The World

其他

书籍中的歌曲Laugh, Ponyacci, Laugh • Hearth's Warming Peeve • The Flim Flam Peelcore 8000 • It's the Pop • Rhythm of Our Names • Cold Hooves, Warm Hearts • Windy the Windigo • Talk to Your Friends

专辑歌曲True True Friend Winter Wrap-Up • It's a Pony Kind of Christmas • Jingle Bells • Deck the Halls • We Wish You a Merry Christmas • Silent Night • Twelve Days of Christmas • Last Year I Got Coal for Christmas • Jolly Ol' St. Nick • Days Gone By (Auld Lang Syne) • Thank You for Being a Friend • Can You Feel It • I'll Chase the Sky • No Better Feelin' • I'll Be Around • Neighsayer • Equestria

其他我的小马驹主题曲 • Equestria Girls（商业广告） • The Fresh Princess of Friendship • Happy Birthday to You! • Equestria Girls Forever • Saved by My Friends • 小马日常主题曲 • We Shine Brighter Together • Wild Heart Beats

专辑与单曲

Songs of Friendship and Magic • Songs of Ponyville • Rainbow Rocks - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack • Magical Friendship Tour • Equestria Girls - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack • Rainbow Rocks CD • Equestria Girls CD • Songs of Harmony • Friendship is Magic Remixed • 2015 Convention Collection • Friendship Games - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack • It's a Pony Kind of Christmas • Friendship is Magic Collection • Equestria Girls Collection • Pinkie Pie's Party Playlist • Legend of Everfree - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack • Explore Equestria: Greatest Hits • My Little Pony: The Movie (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) • My Little Pony: The Movie (Original Motion Picture Score) • DJ Pon-3 Presents: The Remixes Vol. 2 • DJ Pon-3 Presents: Halloween • Friendship is Magic: The Instrumentals • Equestria Girls: The Instrumentals • DJ Pon-3 Presents: The Remixes Vol.3 • DJ Pon-3 Presents: The Remixes Vol. 4

英文原文：At the Gala