# Bats (song)

对于剧集中的动物及剧集本身，参阅动物#蝙蝠和化蝶成蝠。

Bats

剧集
化蝶成蝠
角色
苹果杰克
小蝶
瑞瑞
云宝黛茜
萍琪派
暮光闪闪
演唱
艾希莉·波尔
安德烈娅·利布曼
和美·埃文斯
音乐
丹尼尔·英格拉姆
斯特凡·安德鲁（管弦乐）
歌词
梅里韦瑟·威廉姆斯
丹尼尔·英格拉姆
调号
降B大调，短暂的C小调和降E小调
长度
2:19
专辑
Songs of Harmony
季
第四季
剧集对白
化蝶成蝠
BMI Work ID
17405097

Bats （专辑版本）

调号
降B大调，短暂的C小调和降E小调
长度
2:19
专辑
Songs of Harmony
季
第四季

《Bats》是《我的小马驹：友谊就是魔法》第四季的第二首歌曲，出现于“化蝶成蝠”一集，主要由苹果杰克和小蝶演唱，六马组其余成员随后加入。这首歌中，苹果杰克和小蝶针对吸血果蝠入侵香甜苹果园一事展开争论，表述了各自的解决办法，苹果杰克向把它们赶出果园，而小蝶却希望它们留下来。

据梅根·麦卡锡所说，丹尼尔·英格拉姆“为了这集将内心中的丹尼·叶夫曼运用到了极致。”[1]英格拉姆将这首歌描述为“受丹尼·叶夫曼/《圣诞夜惊魂》的启发而作的戏谑风音乐剧曲”[2]这首歌为专辑《Songs of Harmony》的第三首歌曲。

歌词

  

[苹果杰克]

Those vampire bats will give you a fright

Eating apples both day and night

They rest for a minute, maybe three

Then they're eatin' every apple in your apple tree

They don't care about nada, not zilch, no, nothin'

'Cept bringin' about an orchard's destruction

[小蝶]

Now wait just a minute, there's another side to this

And if I did not defend them, then I would be remiss

These bats are mamas and papas too

They care for their young just like we ponies do

[苹果杰克]

Oh, give me a break, you're bein' too kind

These creatures have a one-track mind

The orchard is not their restaurant

But do they ever think what others may want?

No! They don't! And that is just a fact

These bats, they simply don't know how to act

[小蝶]

That's where I have to disagree

They're loyal to their family

Spreading seeds both far and wide

[苹果杰克]

You see one comin', you'd better run and hide!

They're big and ugly and mean as sin

Will ya look at the state my trees are in?

[小蝶]

They help your trees, they'll grow stronger faster

[苹果杰克]

They've turned my life to a total disaster!

[瑞瑞]

Well, I for one don't have a doubt

These vermin must be stamped right out

[云宝黛茜]

I second that, they've got to go

These bats, they've got to hit the road

[苹果杰克]

It comes down to just one simple fact

They've crossed the line, it's time to fight them back!

[除了小蝶的其他马]

Stop the bats! Stop the bats!

Make them go and not come back!

Stop the bats! Stop the bats!

Make them go and not come back!

Stop the bats! Stop the bats!

Make them go and not come back!

[苹果杰克]

Yes, it comes down to just one simple fact

They've crossed the line, it's time that we attack!

参考

↑ Twitter / MMeghanMcCarthy: @dannyimusic tapped into his .... Twitter (2013-12-27). 于2013年12月28日检索.

↑ Daniel Ingram (2013-12-28). MLP S4 Song #2: "Bats!" Aired today on.... Facebook. 于2013年12月28日检索.

我的小马驹：友谊就是魔法 — 歌曲

友谊就是魔法

第一季Laughter Song • Pinkie's Gala Fantasy Song • The Ticket Song • Hop Skip and Jump song • Evil Enchantress song • Winter Wrap Up • Cupcake Song • Art of the Dress • Hush Now Lullaby • Cutie Mark Crusaders Song • You Got to Share, You Got to Care • So Many Wonders • Pinkie Pie's Singing Telegram • At the Gala • I'm at the Grand Galloping Gala • Pony Pokey

第二季Find A Pet Song • Becoming Popular (The Pony Everypony Should Know) • The Heart Carol • Happy Monthiversary • Piggy Dance • The Flim Flam Brothers • The Perfect Stallion • Smile Song • Cranky Doodle Donkey • Welcome Song • Cranky Doodle Joy • B.B.B.F.F. • This Day Aria, Part 1 • This Day Aria, Part 2 • Love Is In Bloom

第三季The Failure Song • The Ballad of the Crystal Empire • The Success Song • Babs Seed • Raise This Barn • Morning in Ponyville • What My Cutie Mark Is Telling Me • I've Got to Find a Way • A True, True Friend • Celestia's Ballad • Behold, Princess Twilight Sparkle • Life in Equestria

第四季Hearts Strong as Horses • Bats • Generosity • Apples to the Core • Glass of Water • Pinkie the Party Planner • The Super Duper Party Pony • Pinkie's Lament • The Goof Off • Cheese Confesses • Make a Wish • Music in the Treetops • Find the Music in You • Flim Flam Miracle Curative Tonic • The rappin' Hist'ry of the Wonderbolts • You'll Play Your Part • Let the Rainbow Remind You

第五季In Our Town • Make This Castle A Home • I'll Fly • Rules of Rarity • Sisterhood • We'll Make Our Mark（序曲） • The Vote • The Pony I Want to Be • Light of Your Cutie Mark • The Pony I Want to Be（重复） • We'll Make Our Mark • Equestria, the Land I Love • The Spectacle • The Magic Inside • Equestria, the Land I Love（重复） • Friends Are Always There For You

第六季Out On My Own • Hearth's Warming Eve Is Here Once Again • Say Goodbye to the Holiday • The Seeds of the Past (part 1 & 2) • Pinkie's Present • Luna's Future • Hearth's Warming Eve Is Here Once Again（重复） • Can I Do It On My Own • It's Gonna Work • Derby Racers • A Changeling Can Change • Find the Purpose in Your Life

第七季Best Friends Until the End of Time • Battle for Sugar Belle • You're In My Head Like a Catchy Song • Flawless • Blank Flanks Forever

第八季School of Friendship • Friendship Always Wins •  Your Heart Is in Two Places • Friendship U • We're Friendship Bound • A Kirin Tale • Just Can't Be a Dragon Here

最棒的礼物One More Day • The True Gift of Gifting

第九季The Place Where We Belong • Fit Right In • Better Way to Be Bad • Lotta Little Things • The Last Laugh • Being Big is All It Takes • The Magic of Friendship Grows

彩虹之旅Rainbow Roadtrip • The End of the Rainbow • Living in Color

小马国女孩

小马国女孩This Strange World • Equestria Girls • Time to Come Together • This is Our Big Night • A Friend for Life • My Little Pony Friends（删节）

彩虹摇滚让尾巴摇摆 • 快乐的完美一天 • Rainbow Rocks • Better Than Ever • Battle • Bad Counter Spell • Under Our Spell • Tricks Up My Sleeve • Awesome As I Wanna Be • Welcome to the Show • Rainbooms Battle • Shine Like Rainbows • Life is a Runway • 抛开过去 • Friendship Through the Ages

友谊大赛Friendship Games • CHS Rally Song • What More Is Out There? • ACADECA •  Unleash the Magic • Right There in Front of Me

无尽之森传奇The Legend of Everfree • The Midnight in Me • Embrace the Magic • We Will Stand For Everfree • Legend You Were Meant To Be • Hope Shines Eternal

特别篇热舞魔法 • We've Come So Far • Invisible • Photo Booth • All Good • True Original

动画短片快乐的完美一天 • 人生是场T台秀 • 抛开过去 • 友谊永存 • 科学怪暮 • 周一的阴郁 • 摇上一摇 • 演出疾驰不息 • 世界真小 • 善良共鸣 • Rise Up! • Room to Grow • 朝五晚九 • 另外一面 • 灵感彼岸 • 游艇逍遥 • 尽情奔跑 • 寻觅魔力 • 任雨狂 • 增添力量

我的小马驹大电影

We Got the Beat • We Got This Together • I'm the Friend You Need • Time to Be Awesome • One Small Thing • Open Up Your Eyes • Rainbow • Off To See The World

其他

书籍中的歌曲Laugh, Ponyacci, Laugh • Hearth's Warming Peeve • The Flim Flam Peelcore 8000 • It's the Pop • Rhythm of Our Names • Cold Hooves, Warm Hearts • Windy the Windigo • Talk to Your Friends

专辑歌曲True True Friend Winter Wrap-Up • It's a Pony Kind of Christmas • Jingle Bells • Deck the Halls • We Wish You a Merry Christmas • Silent Night • Twelve Days of Christmas • Last Year I Got Coal for Christmas • Jolly Ol' St. Nick • Days Gone By (Auld Lang Syne) • Thank You for Being a Friend • Can You Feel It • I'll Chase the Sky • No Better Feelin' • I'll Be Around • Neighsayer • Equestria

其他我的小马驹主题曲 • Equestria Girls（商业广告） • The Fresh Princess of Friendship • Happy Birthday to You! • Equestria Girls Forever • Saved by My Friends • 小马日常主题曲 • We Shine Brighter Together • Wild Heart Beats

专辑与单曲

Songs of Friendship and Magic • Songs of Ponyville • Rainbow Rocks - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack • Magical Friendship Tour • Equestria Girls - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack • Rainbow Rocks CD • Equestria Girls CD • Songs of Harmony • Friendship is Magic Remixed • 2015 Convention Collection • Friendship Games - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack • It's a Pony Kind of Christmas • Friendship is Magic Collection • Equestria Girls Collection • Pinkie Pie's Party Playlist • Legend of Everfree - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack • Explore Equestria: Greatest Hits • My Little Pony: The Movie (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) • My Little Pony: The Movie (Original Motion Picture Score) • DJ Pon-3 Presents: The Remixes Vol. 2 • DJ Pon-3 Presents: Halloween • Friendship is Magic: The Instrumentals • Equestria Girls: The Instrumentals • DJ Pon-3 Presents: The Remixes Vol.3 • DJ Pon-3 Presents: The Remixes Vol. 4

英文原文：Bats (song)