# CHS Rally Song

CHS Rally Song

电影
小马国女孩：友谊大赛
角色
人类云宝
坎特拉高中进行曲乐队
坎特拉高中学生
演唱
艾希莉·波尔
合唱团[注 1]
制作
卡莱布·钱（制作）
Trevor Hoffman（声乐改编）
音乐
丹尼尔·英格拉姆
歌词
丹尼尔·英格拉姆
乔希·哈伯
调号
D大调
长度
2:11
专辑
My Little Pony Equestria Girls: Friendship Games - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack
电影对白
小马国女孩：友谊大赛
BMI Work ID
20681151

《CHS Rally Song》是《小马国女孩：友谊大赛》六首歌中的第二首。在电影中，云宝黛茜与坎特拉高中的其他学生一起演奏了此歌以振奋大家的情绪，以迎接即将到来的友谊大赛。本曲首次出现于2015年8月29日播出的《友谊大赛》先睹为快视频中。此外，本曲还是原声专辑《My Little Pony Equestria Girls: Friendship Games - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack》上的第六首歌。

制作与重复使用

本曲还出现在了在小说版本的《友谊大赛》的第四章中，但歌词与电影版本不同。

本曲的部分歌词被用于《Equestria Girls (Cafeteria Song)》的“友谊大赛”版本中，本曲的旋律还被用在了孩之宝的小马国女孩在线游戏“Archery Game”里。

歌词

电影版本

云宝黛茜: Crystal Prep students are super athletic, super smart, and super motivated. But there's one thing they aren't. They aren't Wondercolts!

We've fought magic more than once

And come out on top

[合唱队]

Oh, oh

[云宝黛茜]

There's other schools, but none can make those claims

[合唱队]

Na, na-na-na-na, oh

[云宝黛茜]

Together we are Canterlot

Come and cheer our name

[合唱队]

Oh, oh

[云宝黛茜]

This will be our year to win these games

[云宝黛茜和合唱队]

We'll always be Wondercolts forever

And now our time has finally arrived

'Cause we believe in the magic of friendship

And you know, at the end of the day, it is we who survive

[间奏]

[学生]

Hey!

[云宝黛茜]

We're not the school we were before

[学生]

Before!

[云宝黛茜]

Yeah, we're different now

[合唱队]

Oh, oh

[学生]

Hey, hey!

[云宝黛茜]

We overcame the obstacles we faced

[合唱队]

Overcame the obstacles we faced

[学生]

Hey!

[云宝黛茜]

We're Canterlot united

[学生]

Unite!

[云宝黛茜]

And we'll never bow

[合唱队]

Oh, oh

[学生]

Hey, hey!

[云宝黛茜]

So get ready to see us in first place

[全体]

We'll always be Wondercolts forever

(Three! Two! One! Go!)

And now our time has finally arrived

(Our time is now!)

'Cause we believe in the magic of friendship

And you know, at the end of the day, it is we who survive

At the end of the day, it is we who survive

Na, na, na-na-na-na

Wondercolts united together

Na, na, na-na-na-na

Wondercolts united forever

Na, na, na-na-na-na

Wondercolts united together

Na, na, na-na-na-na

Wondercolts united forever

Na, na, na-na-na-na

Wondercolts united together

[云宝黛茜]

We'll always be Wondercolts forever

And now our time has finally arrived

'Cause we believe in the magic of friendship

And you know...

At the end of the day, it is we who survive

At the end of the day, it is we who survive!

图书版

[云宝黛茜]

There's other schools, but none can

Make those claims.

Our friendships here at Canterlot

Won't ever stop.

That's why it'll be a snap to win

These games.

[全体]

We'll always be Wondercolts!

From now until the end!

It's a wonder you don't know that.

It's no wonder that we're friends.

It's no wonder!

[云宝黛茜]

We're not the school we were

Before—we're different now.

There's magic in the ties we've

Made that bind.

We're a Canterlot united, and we'll

Never bow.

Together we can overcome all

Obstacles we find.

[全体]

We'll always be Wondercolts!

From now until the end!

It's a wonder you don't know that.

It's no wonder that we're friends.

It's no wonder!

[云宝黛茜]

And if some school thinks that they can beat us

They'll just learn you can't defeat us!

When we walk these halls, we are royalty.

Hearts filled with pride and loyalty!

注释

↑ 合唱团包括了Kaylee Johnston与加布里埃尔·布朗。

我的小马驹：友谊就是魔法 — 歌曲

友谊就是魔法

第一季Laughter Song • Pinkie's Gala Fantasy Song • The Ticket Song • Hop Skip and Jump song • Evil Enchantress song • Winter Wrap Up • Cupcake Song • Art of the Dress • Hush Now Lullaby • Cutie Mark Crusaders Song • You Got to Share, You Got to Care • So Many Wonders • Pinkie Pie's Singing Telegram • At the Gala • I'm at the Grand Galloping Gala • Pony Pokey

第二季Find A Pet Song • Becoming Popular (The Pony Everypony Should Know) • The Heart Carol • Happy Monthiversary • Piggy Dance • The Flim Flam Brothers • The Perfect Stallion • Smile Song • Cranky Doodle Donkey • Welcome Song • Cranky Doodle Joy • B.B.B.F.F. • This Day Aria, Part 1 • This Day Aria, Part 2 • Love Is In Bloom

第三季The Failure Song • The Ballad of the Crystal Empire • The Success Song • Babs Seed • Raise This Barn • Morning in Ponyville • What My Cutie Mark Is Telling Me • I've Got to Find a Way • A True, True Friend • Celestia's Ballad • Behold, Princess Twilight Sparkle • Life in Equestria

第四季Hearts Strong as Horses • Bats • Generosity • Apples to the Core • Glass of Water • Pinkie the Party Planner • The Super Duper Party Pony • Pinkie's Lament • The Goof Off • Cheese Confesses • Make a Wish • Music in the Treetops • Find the Music in You • Flim Flam Miracle Curative Tonic • The rappin' Hist'ry of the Wonderbolts • You'll Play Your Part • Let the Rainbow Remind You

第五季In Our Town • Make This Castle A Home • I'll Fly • Rules of Rarity • Sisterhood • We'll Make Our Mark（序曲） • The Vote • The Pony I Want to Be • Light of Your Cutie Mark • The Pony I Want to Be（重复） • We'll Make Our Mark • Equestria, the Land I Love • The Spectacle • The Magic Inside • Equestria, the Land I Love（重复） • Friends Are Always There For You

第六季Out On My Own • Hearth's Warming Eve Is Here Once Again • Say Goodbye to the Holiday • The Seeds of the Past (part 1 & 2) • Pinkie's Present • Luna's Future • Hearth's Warming Eve Is Here Once Again（重复） • Can I Do It On My Own • It's Gonna Work • Derby Racers • A Changeling Can Change • Find the Purpose in Your Life

第七季Best Friends Until the End of Time • Battle for Sugar Belle • You're In My Head Like a Catchy Song • Flawless • Blank Flanks Forever

第八季School of Friendship • Friendship Always Wins •  Your Heart Is in Two Places • Friendship U • We're Friendship Bound • A Kirin Tale • Just Can't Be a Dragon Here

最棒的礼物One More Day • The True Gift of Gifting

第九季The Place Where We Belong • Fit Right In • Better Way to Be Bad • Lotta Little Things • The Last Laugh • Being Big is All It Takes • The Magic of Friendship Grows

彩虹之旅Rainbow Roadtrip • The End of the Rainbow • Living in Color

小马国女孩

小马国女孩This Strange World • Equestria Girls • Time to Come Together • This is Our Big Night • A Friend for Life • My Little Pony Friends（删节）

彩虹摇滚让尾巴摇摆 • 快乐的完美一天 • Rainbow Rocks • Better Than Ever • Battle • Bad Counter Spell • Under Our Spell • Tricks Up My Sleeve • Awesome As I Wanna Be • Welcome to the Show • Rainbooms Battle • Shine Like Rainbows • Life is a Runway • 抛开过去 • Friendship Through the Ages

友谊大赛Friendship Games • CHS Rally Song • What More Is Out There? • ACADECA •  Unleash the Magic • Right There in Front of Me

无尽之森传奇The Legend of Everfree • The Midnight in Me • Embrace the Magic • We Will Stand For Everfree • Legend You Were Meant To Be • Hope Shines Eternal

特别篇热舞魔法 • We've Come So Far • Invisible • Photo Booth • All Good • True Original

动画短片快乐的完美一天 • 人生是场T台秀 • 抛开过去 • 友谊永存 • 科学怪暮 • 周一的阴郁 • 摇上一摇 • 演出疾驰不息 • 世界真小 • 善良共鸣 • Rise Up! • Room to Grow • 朝五晚九 • 另外一面 • 灵感彼岸 • 游艇逍遥 • 尽情奔跑 • 寻觅魔力 • 任雨狂 • 增添力量

我的小马驹大电影

We Got the Beat • We Got This Together • I'm the Friend You Need • Time to Be Awesome • One Small Thing • Open Up Your Eyes • Rainbow • Off To See The World

其他

书籍中的歌曲Laugh, Ponyacci, Laugh • Hearth's Warming Peeve • The Flim Flam Peelcore 8000 • It's the Pop • Rhythm of Our Names • Cold Hooves, Warm Hearts • Windy the Windigo • Talk to Your Friends

专辑歌曲True True Friend Winter Wrap-Up • It's a Pony Kind of Christmas • Jingle Bells • Deck the Halls • We Wish You a Merry Christmas • Silent Night • Twelve Days of Christmas • Last Year I Got Coal for Christmas • Jolly Ol' St. Nick • Days Gone By (Auld Lang Syne) • Thank You for Being a Friend • Can You Feel It • I'll Chase the Sky • No Better Feelin' • I'll Be Around • Neighsayer • Equestria

其他我的小马驹主题曲 • Equestria Girls（商业广告） • The Fresh Princess of Friendship • Happy Birthday to You! • Equestria Girls Forever • Saved by My Friends • 小马日常主题曲 • We Shine Brighter Together • Wild Heart Beats

专辑与单曲

Songs of Friendship and Magic • Songs of Ponyville • Rainbow Rocks - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack • Magical Friendship Tour • Equestria Girls - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack • Rainbow Rocks CD • Equestria Girls CD • Songs of Harmony • Friendship is Magic Remixed • 2015 Convention Collection • Friendship Games - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack • It's a Pony Kind of Christmas • Friendship is Magic Collection • Equestria Girls Collection • Pinkie Pie's Party Playlist • Legend of Everfree - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack • Explore Equestria: Greatest Hits • My Little Pony: The Movie (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) • My Little Pony: The Movie (Original Motion Picture Score) • DJ Pon-3 Presents: The Remixes Vol. 2 • DJ Pon-3 Presents: Halloween • Friendship is Magic: The Instrumentals • Equestria Girls: The Instrumentals • DJ Pon-3 Presents: The Remixes Vol.3 • DJ Pon-3 Presents: The Remixes Vol. 4

我的小马驹：友谊就是魔法 — 小说

主系列

Twilight Sparkle
and the Crystal
Heart Spell

Pinkie Pie
and the Rockin'
Ponypalooza Party!

Rainbow Dash
and the Daring Do
Double Dare

Rarity
and the Curious
Case of Charity

Applejack and the
Honest-to-Goodness
Switcheroo

Fluttershy and
the Fine Furry
Friends Fair

Discord and the
Ponyville Players
Dramarama

Lyra and Bon Bon
and the Mares
from S.M.I.L.E.

Starlight Glimmer
and the Secret
Suite

Trixie and the
Razzle-Dazzle
Ruse

《小马国女孩》系列

Through the Mirror

彩虹摇滚

Rainbow Rocks:
The Mane Event

Sunset Shimmer's
Time to Shine

Friendship Games

Twilight's Sparkly
Sleepover Surprise

Legend of Everfree

Magic, Magic
Everywhere!

A Friendship
to Remember

Rainbow Dash
Brings the Blitz

Twilight Sparkle's
Science Fair Sparks

The Daring Do Adventure Collection

Daring Do and
the Marked Thief
of Marapore

Daring Do and the
Eternal Flower

Daring Do and
the Forbidden
City of Clouds

The Princess Collection

Princess Celestia
and the Summer
of Royal Waves

Princess Luna and
the Festival of
the Winter Moon

Princess Cadance
and the Spring
Hearts Garden

Princess Twilight
Sparkle and the Forgotten
Books of Autumn

小马镇迷案

Schoolhouse
of Secrets

The Tail of the
Timberwolf

Riddle of the
Rusty Horseshoe

Peryton Panic

Cursed
Crusaders

Journey to
the Livewood

Beyond Equestria

The Stormy Road
to Canterlot

The Movie:
The Junior Novel

Pinkie Pie Steps Up

Rainbow Dash
Rights the Ship

Fluttershy Balances
the Scales

其他作品

The Journal of
the Two Sisters

The Art of
Equestria

The Diary of
Celestia and Luna

The Art of My Little
Pony: The Movie

角色Sweetcream Scoops • 白胡子星璇 • Charity Sweetmint • Minty • Rosy Thorn • Gallant True • North Star • 爱茉公主 • 德克斯特 • Emerald Gem

歌曲Perfect Day for Fun • Equestria Girls • Shake Your Tail • Under Our Spell • Rhythm of Our Names • CHS Rally Song • Cold Hooves, Warm Hearts • Rainbow Rocks • The Legend of Everfree • The Midnight in Me • Embrace the Magic • Legend You Were Meant To Be • 热舞魔法

英文原文：CHS Rally Song