# Find A Pet Song

Find A Pet Song

剧集
胜者为宠
角色
小蝶
云宝
演唱
安德烈娅·利布曼
艾希莉·波尔
音乐
丹尼尔·英格拉姆
斯特凡·安德鲁 （管弦乐编曲）
歌词
夏洛特·富勒顿
凯文·鲁维奥[1]
长度
3:40
专辑
Songs of Friendship and Magic
季
第二季
剧集对白
胜者为宠
BMI Work ID
14088135

Find A Pet Song （专辑版本）

长度
3:43
季
第二季

《Find A Pet Song》，[2]或《May the Best Pet Win》[3]，是出现于剧集“胜者为宠”中的一首二重唱。小蝶借此歌向云宝展示了许多动物，并希望后者可以从中挑选出一只作为宠物。本歌是第二季中出现的第一首歌，也是整个动画中出现的第一首二重唱，此外还是第一首由云宝黛茜全程唱完的歌曲。

制作

据丹尼尔·英格拉姆所言，本曲的创作受到了1967年美国音乐电影《怪医杜立德》中歌曲《Fabulous P laces》的影响。[4]本曲的部分旋律被用在了Discovery Family的日间节目网站上的《Fluttershy's Songbird Chorus》游戏当中。本歌还是专辑《Songs of Friendship and Magic》中的第五首音乐，在该专辑中，本歌曲名字为“May the Best Pet Win”（与歌曲所在剧集名字相似，只是少了感叹号）。此外，本曲还是唱片专辑《Magical Friendship Tour》A面的第五首歌。

歌词

[小蝶]

Now, Rainbow, my dear, I cannot express my delight

It's abundantly clear

That somewhere out here

Is the pet that will suit you just right

[云宝黛茜]

I can't wait to get started, but first let me set a few rules

It's of utmost importance

The pet that I get

Is something that's awesome and cool

小蝶: Awesome, cool, got it!

I have so many wonderful choices, just wait, you will see

[云宝黛茜]

I need something real fast like a bullet to keep up with me

[小蝶]

Sure! How 'bout a bunny?

They're cutesy and wootsie and quick as can be

[云宝黛茜]

Cutesy? Wootsie? Have you even met me?

[小蝶]

Rainbow, have faith

You see, I will bet you

Somewhere in here is the pet that will get you

小蝶: Come on, the sky's the limit!

云宝黛茜: Sky is good. I'd like it to fly.

小蝶: Really? Because I think this widdle puddy tat has your name written all over it. Yes, he does. Aww, look, he likes you!

云宝黛茜: Pass.

[小蝶]

I have so many wonderful choices for you to decide

There are otters and seals

With massive appeal

云宝黛茜: Otters and seals do not fly.

小蝶: Maybe not, but I've seen this particular seal catch ten feet of air when he breaches the water!

[seal barks]

云宝黛茜: That's it. I'm outta here.

[小蝶]

Wait! There must be a pet here

That will fit the ticket

How 'bout a ladybug, or a cute cricket?

云宝黛茜: Bigger. And cooler.

小蝶: Bigger, cooler. Right.

[小蝶]

I've got just the thing in that tree, Dash

Meet your new fabulous pet, Squirrely!

云宝黛茜: It's just a squirrel.

小蝶: Not just any squirrel. A flying squirrel!

云宝黛茜: ...Yeah. So, like I was saying...

[云宝黛茜]

Fluttershy, pal, this won't cut it

I need a pet to keep up with me

Something awesome, something flying

With coolness that defies gravity!

小蝶: I'm sensing you want an animal that can fly.

云宝黛茜: Ya think?

[小蝶]

I have plenty of wonderful creatures who soar in the sky

Like a sweet hummingbird or a giant monarch butterfly

云宝黛茜: Better, but cooler.

[小蝶]

I see. How 'bout an owl, or a wasp, or a toucan?

There's so many wonderful creatures the likes of that

There are falcons and eagles

They are both quite regal

Or perhaps what you need is a dark and mysterious bat?

云宝黛茜: Now you're talking! But instead of just one standout, now that's too many.

[云宝黛茜]

So many choices, and such riches aplenty

小蝶: Not a bad problem to have, if you ask me.

[云宝黛茜]

The bat would be awesome, but the wasp I'm digging too

Do you have something in a yellow striped bat?

小蝶: No.

[小蝶]

I've got a hot pink flamingo, just dying to meet you

[云宝黛茜]

What to do, what to do? [gasp]

A prize! That's it! There's really just one way

To find out which animal's best

Hold a contest of speed, agility, and guts

That will put each pet to the test

[小蝶]

Don't forget style, that should be considered

[云宝黛茜]

Then we'll know for sure who's best of the litter

[小蝶]

The one who is awesome as cool

[云宝黛茜]

Just like me

Can't settle for less, 'cause I'm the best

[小蝶和云宝黛茜]

So a contest we will see

[云宝黛茜]

Who's the number one, greatest, perfectest pet

[小蝶和云宝黛茜]

In the world for me!

[小蝶]

May the games

[小蝶和云宝黛茜]

Begin!

云宝黛茜: And may the best pet win!

获奖与提名

歌曲《Find A Pet Song》与歌曲《Becoming Popular》在第39届日间艾美奖颁奖期间一起被提名为最佳儿童动画原创歌曲奖。颁奖期间此曲的名字是《May The Best Pet Win》，并署上了梅根·麦卡锡的名字作为此曲的作词者，而不是歌曲《May The Best Pet Win》的作曲者夏洛特·富勒顿。[5]尽管这里署上的名字很可能是被混淆了的，而在麦卡锡编剧的剧集“社交名马”中，富勒顿被署名为歌曲《Becoming Popular》的作词者。

参考

↑ Charlotte Fullerton on Twitter (2012-10-06). 于2012年10月6日检索.

↑ Daniel Ingram discussing the "Find A Pet Song" (2011-11-19). 于2012年1月2日检索.

↑ News post listing the tracks on Songs of Friendship and Magic. 于2013年12月6日检索.

↑ Daniel Ingram discussing the "Find A Pet Song" (2011-11-20). 于2013年5月4日检索.

↑ Nominations announced for the 39th annual Daytime Emmy Awards. The National Academy of Television Arts and Sciences (May 9, 2012). 于2012年5月9日检索.

我的小马驹：友谊就是魔法 — 歌曲

友谊就是魔法

第一季Laughter Song • Pinkie's Gala Fantasy Song • The Ticket Song • Hop Skip and Jump song • Evil Enchantress song • Winter Wrap Up • Cupcake Song • Art of the Dress • Hush Now Lullaby • Cutie Mark Crusaders Song • You Got to Share, You Got to Care • So Many Wonders • Pinkie Pie's Singing Telegram • At the Gala • I'm at the Grand Galloping Gala • Pony Pokey

第二季Find A Pet Song • Becoming Popular (The Pony Everypony Should Know) • The Heart Carol • Happy Monthiversary • Piggy Dance • The Flim Flam Brothers • The Perfect Stallion • Smile Song • Cranky Doodle Donkey • Welcome Song • Cranky Doodle Joy • B.B.B.F.F. • This Day Aria, Part 1 • This Day Aria, Part 2 • Love Is In Bloom

第三季The Failure Song • The Ballad of the Crystal Empire • The Success Song • Babs Seed • Raise This Barn • Morning in Ponyville • What My Cutie Mark Is Telling Me • I've Got to Find a Way • A True, True Friend • Celestia's Ballad • Behold, Princess Twilight Sparkle • Life in Equestria

第四季Hearts Strong as Horses • Bats • Generosity • Apples to the Core • Glass of Water • Pinkie the Party Planner • The Super Duper Party Pony • Pinkie's Lament • The Goof Off • Cheese Confesses • Make a Wish • Music in the Treetops • Find the Music in You • Flim Flam Miracle Curative Tonic • The rappin' Hist'ry of the Wonderbolts • You'll Play Your Part • Let the Rainbow Remind You

第五季In Our Town • Make This Castle A Home • I'll Fly • Rules of Rarity • Sisterhood • We'll Make Our Mark（序曲） • The Vote • The Pony I Want to Be • Light of Your Cutie Mark • The Pony I Want to Be（重复） • We'll Make Our Mark • Equestria, the Land I Love • The Spectacle • The Magic Inside • Equestria, the Land I Love（重复） • Friends Are Always There For You

第六季Out On My Own • Hearth's Warming Eve Is Here Once Again • Say Goodbye to the Holiday • The Seeds of the Past (part 1 & 2) • Pinkie's Present • Luna's Future • Hearth's Warming Eve Is Here Once Again（重复） • Can I Do It On My Own • It's Gonna Work • Derby Racers • A Changeling Can Change • Find the Purpose in Your Life

第七季Best Friends Until the End of Time • Battle for Sugar Belle • You're In My Head Like a Catchy Song • Flawless • Blank Flanks Forever

第八季School of Friendship • Friendship Always Wins •  Your Heart Is in Two Places • Friendship U • We're Friendship Bound • A Kirin Tale • Just Can't Be a Dragon Here

最棒的礼物One More Day • The True Gift of Gifting

第九季The Place Where We Belong • Fit Right In • Better Way to Be Bad • Lotta Little Things • The Last Laugh • Being Big is All It Takes • The Magic of Friendship Grows

彩虹之旅Rainbow Roadtrip • The End of the Rainbow • Living in Color

小马国女孩

小马国女孩This Strange World • Equestria Girls • Time to Come Together • This is Our Big Night • A Friend for Life • My Little Pony Friends（删节）

彩虹摇滚让尾巴摇摆 • 快乐的完美一天 • Rainbow Rocks • Better Than Ever • Battle • Bad Counter Spell • Under Our Spell • Tricks Up My Sleeve • Awesome As I Wanna Be • Welcome to the Show • Rainbooms Battle • Shine Like Rainbows • Life is a Runway • 抛开过去 • Friendship Through the Ages

友谊大赛Friendship Games • CHS Rally Song • What More Is Out There? • ACADECA •  Unleash the Magic • Right There in Front of Me

无尽之森传奇The Legend of Everfree • The Midnight in Me • Embrace the Magic • We Will Stand For Everfree • Legend You Were Meant To Be • Hope Shines Eternal

特别篇热舞魔法 • We've Come So Far • Invisible • Photo Booth • All Good • True Original

动画短片快乐的完美一天 • 人生是场T台秀 • 抛开过去 • 友谊永存 • 科学怪暮 • 周一的阴郁 • 摇上一摇 • 演出疾驰不息 • 世界真小 • 善良共鸣 • Rise Up! • Room to Grow • 朝五晚九 • 另外一面 • 灵感彼岸 • 游艇逍遥 • 尽情奔跑 • 寻觅魔力 • 任雨狂 • 增添力量

我的小马驹大电影

We Got the Beat • We Got This Together • I'm the Friend You Need • Time to Be Awesome • One Small Thing • Open Up Your Eyes • Rainbow • Off To See The World

其他

书籍中的歌曲Laugh, Ponyacci, Laugh • Hearth's Warming Peeve • The Flim Flam Peelcore 8000 • It's the Pop • Rhythm of Our Names • Cold Hooves, Warm Hearts • Windy the Windigo • Talk to Your Friends

专辑歌曲True True Friend Winter Wrap-Up • It's a Pony Kind of Christmas • Jingle Bells • Deck the Halls • We Wish You a Merry Christmas • Silent Night • Twelve Days of Christmas • Last Year I Got Coal for Christmas • Jolly Ol' St. Nick • Days Gone By (Auld Lang Syne) • Thank You for Being a Friend • Can You Feel It • I'll Chase the Sky • No Better Feelin' • I'll Be Around • Neighsayer • Equestria

其他我的小马驹主题曲 • Equestria Girls（商业广告） • The Fresh Princess of Friendship • Happy Birthday to You! • Equestria Girls Forever • Saved by My Friends • 小马日常主题曲 • We Shine Brighter Together • Wild Heart Beats

专辑与单曲

Songs of Friendship and Magic • Songs of Ponyville • Rainbow Rocks - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack • Magical Friendship Tour • Equestria Girls - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack • Rainbow Rocks CD • Equestria Girls CD • Songs of Harmony • Friendship is Magic Remixed • 2015 Convention Collection • Friendship Games - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack • It's a Pony Kind of Christmas • Friendship is Magic Collection • Equestria Girls Collection • Pinkie Pie's Party Playlist • Legend of Everfree - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack • Explore Equestria: Greatest Hits • My Little Pony: The Movie (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) • My Little Pony: The Movie (Original Motion Picture Score) • DJ Pon-3 Presents: The Remixes Vol. 2 • DJ Pon-3 Presents: Halloween • Friendship is Magic: The Instrumentals • Equestria Girls: The Instrumentals • DJ Pon-3 Presents: The Remixes Vol.3 • DJ Pon-3 Presents: The Remixes Vol. 4

英文原文：Find A Pet Song