# Flim Flam Miracle Curative Tonic

对于大补药，参阅饮食。

Flim Flam Miracle Curative Tonic

剧集
假戏真做
角色
油嘴滑舌兄弟
药托
众马
演唱
塞缪尔·文森特
斯科特·麦克尼尔
伊恩·詹姆斯·柯莱特
音乐
丹尼尔·英格拉姆
斯特凡·安德鲁（管弦乐）[1]
歌词
乔希·哈伯
丹尼尔·英格拉姆
调号
C大调/A大调、D大调、C大调
长度
3:37
专辑
Songs of Harmony
季
第四季
剧集对白
假戏真做
BMI Work ID
17947308

Flim Flam Miracle Curative Tonic（专辑版本）

调号
C大调/A大调、D大调、C大调
长度
3:35
专辑
Songs of Harmony
季
第四季

《Flim Flam Miracle Curative Tonic》是《我的小马驹：友谊就是魔法》第四季的第十四首歌曲，出现约第二十集“假戏真做”。歌中，油嘴滑舌兄弟重回小马镇，推销“大力丸”式的长生不老药。

这首歌的伴奏版本可以在孩之宝在线游戏“Key Crusaders”的10到12关听见。这首歌为原声专辑《Songs of Harmony》的第四首歌曲。

歌词

  “Is just what the doctor ordered, I'm sure!”

油嘴: Thank you, one and all, for your attendance, and we guarantee that your time here will not be spent in vain!

滑舌: In fact, we think it will prove to be the most valuable time you've ever spent!

苹果杰克: The Flim Flam Brothers! This should be interestin'.

麦金塔大哥: Eeyup.

油嘴: Welcome, one and all, to the demonstration of a lifetime!

滑舌: A demonstration of a better life!

油嘴: A demonstration of a better time! And if we haven't captured your interest just yet, by the time we've finished, an unfortunate phenomenon practically guarantees that we will!

滑舌: A phenomenon? What's that?

油嘴: It's a circumstance perceptible by the senses, but in this case, it's the simple fact that:

There's ailments all around us in everything we touch and see

[滑舌]

A sickness that lies waiting there in every breath you breathe

[油嘴]

Disease will up and grab you as it crawls from land and sea

[滑舌]

It's amazing how infected that the natural world and all its things can be

油嘴: Now I understand that some of you don't think you're sick.

滑舌: But twisted hooves and aching joints don't heal all that quick.

油嘴: Consider just how dangerous this world is! You might...

[滑舌]

Slip and fall, break or sprain something here tonight

[油嘴滑舌兄弟]

But luckily for you, we've got the thing you need

And it's easier when all you need's the cure

The Flim Flam Miracle Curative Tonic

Is just what the doctor ordered, I'm sure

油嘴: Now I know our claims seem fantastical.

滑舌: Impractical.

油嘴: Improbable.

滑舌: Impossible.

油嘴滑舌兄弟: And magical!

油嘴: So we welcome every suffering pony to make their way up to the stage.

滑舌: Now don't crowd.

油嘴: And we'll prove our tonic's effectiveness before your very eyes.

滑舌: You there! Come up here, good sir.

油嘴: I'll wager you're tired of those crutches, my friend.

滑舌: Try taking a sip of this!

[ponies gasping]

[油嘴滑舌兄弟]

That's why you're so lucky we've got the thing for you

Just come on up, we've always got some more

Of the Flim Flam Miracle Curative Tonic

[药托]

I won't need these crutches to dance out the door

史密斯婆婆: Now how do ya like that?

苹果杰克: I don't. There's somethin' funny about this whole thing.

[油嘴]

Now some of you may suffer from feelings of despair

You're old, you're tired, your legs won't work, there's graying in your hair

[滑舌]

Just listen and I'll tell you that you don't need to fear

Your ears will work, your muscles tone, your eyes will see so clear

[众马]

Luckily for us, you've got the thing we need

The answer to our problems in a jar

The Flim Flam Miracle Curative Tonic

Is the greatest ever miracle by far!

[in background]

Tonic... tonic... tonic...

油嘴: It cures the reins, the spurs, and the Clydesdale fur blight.

滑舌: Hooferia and horsentery cured in just a night.

油嘴: You've got swollen hooves and hindquarters or terrible bridle-bit cleft.

滑舌: Saunter sitz and gallop plop will give your tail some heft.

油嘴: Mane loss, hay fever, or terrible tonsillitis.

滑舌: You heard it here, folks -- this is the only place in all of Equestria you'll find it!

[油嘴]

It can make you shorter, taller, or even grow old

[滑舌]

But who'd want that?

[油嘴]

When with one drink

[油嘴滑舌兄弟]

You can be young again–

史密斯婆婆: SOLD!

油嘴: Congratulations, Granny Smith! You just made the purchase of a lifetime!

苹果杰克: Are you as worried as I am?

麦金塔大哥: Eeyup.

参考

↑ Steffan Andrews (2014-03-29). Flim and Flam.... Twitter. 于2014年3月29日检索.

我的小马驹：友谊就是魔法 — 歌曲

友谊就是魔法

第一季Laughter Song • Pinkie's Gala Fantasy Song • The Ticket Song • Hop Skip and Jump song • Evil Enchantress song • Winter Wrap Up • Cupcake Song • Art of the Dress • Hush Now Lullaby • Cutie Mark Crusaders Song • You Got to Share, You Got to Care • So Many Wonders • Pinkie Pie's Singing Telegram • At the Gala • I'm at the Grand Galloping Gala • Pony Pokey

第二季Find A Pet Song • Becoming Popular (The Pony Everypony Should Know) • The Heart Carol • Happy Monthiversary • Piggy Dance • The Flim Flam Brothers • The Perfect Stallion • Smile Song • Cranky Doodle Donkey • Welcome Song • Cranky Doodle Joy • B.B.B.F.F. • This Day Aria, Part 1 • This Day Aria, Part 2 • Love Is In Bloom

第三季The Failure Song • The Ballad of the Crystal Empire • The Success Song • Babs Seed • Raise This Barn • Morning in Ponyville • What My Cutie Mark Is Telling Me • I've Got to Find a Way • A True, True Friend • Celestia's Ballad • Behold, Princess Twilight Sparkle • Life in Equestria

第四季Hearts Strong as Horses • Bats • Generosity • Apples to the Core • Glass of Water • Pinkie the Party Planner • The Super Duper Party Pony • Pinkie's Lament • The Goof Off • Cheese Confesses • Make a Wish • Music in the Treetops • Find the Music in You • Flim Flam Miracle Curative Tonic • The rappin' Hist'ry of the Wonderbolts • You'll Play Your Part • Let the Rainbow Remind You

第五季In Our Town • Make This Castle A Home • I'll Fly • Rules of Rarity • Sisterhood • We'll Make Our Mark（序曲） • The Vote • The Pony I Want to Be • Light of Your Cutie Mark • The Pony I Want to Be（重复） • We'll Make Our Mark • Equestria, the Land I Love • The Spectacle • The Magic Inside • Equestria, the Land I Love（重复） • Friends Are Always There For You

第六季Out On My Own • Hearth's Warming Eve Is Here Once Again • Say Goodbye to the Holiday • The Seeds of the Past (part 1 & 2) • Pinkie's Present • Luna's Future • Hearth's Warming Eve Is Here Once Again（重复） • Can I Do It On My Own • It's Gonna Work • Derby Racers • A Changeling Can Change • Find the Purpose in Your Life

第七季Best Friends Until the End of Time • Battle for Sugar Belle • You're In My Head Like a Catchy Song • Flawless • Blank Flanks Forever

第八季School of Friendship • Friendship Always Wins •  Your Heart Is in Two Places • Friendship U • We're Friendship Bound • A Kirin Tale • Just Can't Be a Dragon Here

最棒的礼物One More Day • The True Gift of Gifting

第九季The Place Where We Belong • Fit Right In • Better Way to Be Bad • Lotta Little Things • The Last Laugh • Being Big is All It Takes • The Magic of Friendship Grows

彩虹之旅Rainbow Roadtrip • The End of the Rainbow • Living in Color

小马国女孩

小马国女孩This Strange World • Equestria Girls • Time to Come Together • This is Our Big Night • A Friend for Life • My Little Pony Friends（删节）

彩虹摇滚让尾巴摇摆 • 快乐的完美一天 • Rainbow Rocks • Better Than Ever • Battle • Bad Counter Spell • Under Our Spell • Tricks Up My Sleeve • Awesome As I Wanna Be • Welcome to the Show • Rainbooms Battle • Shine Like Rainbows • Life is a Runway • 抛开过去 • Friendship Through the Ages

友谊大赛Friendship Games • CHS Rally Song • What More Is Out There? • ACADECA •  Unleash the Magic • Right There in Front of Me

无尽之森传奇The Legend of Everfree • The Midnight in Me • Embrace the Magic • We Will Stand For Everfree • Legend You Were Meant To Be • Hope Shines Eternal

特别篇热舞魔法 • We've Come So Far • Invisible • Photo Booth • All Good • True Original

动画短片快乐的完美一天 • 人生是场T台秀 • 抛开过去 • 友谊永存 • 科学怪暮 • 周一的阴郁 • 摇上一摇 • 演出疾驰不息 • 世界真小 • 善良共鸣 • Rise Up! • Room to Grow • 朝五晚九 • 另外一面 • 灵感彼岸 • 游艇逍遥 • 尽情奔跑 • 寻觅魔力 • 任雨狂 • 增添力量

我的小马驹大电影

We Got the Beat • We Got This Together • I'm the Friend You Need • Time to Be Awesome • One Small Thing • Open Up Your Eyes • Rainbow • Off To See The World

其他

书籍中的歌曲Laugh, Ponyacci, Laugh • Hearth's Warming Peeve • The Flim Flam Peelcore 8000 • It's the Pop • Rhythm of Our Names • Cold Hooves, Warm Hearts • Windy the Windigo • Talk to Your Friends

专辑歌曲True True Friend Winter Wrap-Up • It's a Pony Kind of Christmas • Jingle Bells • Deck the Halls • We Wish You a Merry Christmas • Silent Night • Twelve Days of Christmas • Last Year I Got Coal for Christmas • Jolly Ol' St. Nick • Days Gone By (Auld Lang Syne) • Thank You for Being a Friend • Can You Feel It • I'll Chase the Sky • No Better Feelin' • I'll Be Around • Neighsayer • Equestria

其他我的小马驹主题曲 • Equestria Girls（商业广告） • The Fresh Princess of Friendship • Happy Birthday to You! • Equestria Girls Forever • Saved by My Friends • 小马日常主题曲 • We Shine Brighter Together • Wild Heart Beats

专辑与单曲

Songs of Friendship and Magic • Songs of Ponyville • Rainbow Rocks - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack • Magical Friendship Tour • Equestria Girls - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack • Rainbow Rocks CD • Equestria Girls CD • Songs of Harmony • Friendship is Magic Remixed • 2015 Convention Collection • Friendship Games - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack • It's a Pony Kind of Christmas • Friendship is Magic Collection • Equestria Girls Collection • Pinkie Pie's Party Playlist • Legend of Everfree - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack • Explore Equestria: Greatest Hits • My Little Pony: The Movie (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) • My Little Pony: The Movie (Original Motion Picture Score) • DJ Pon-3 Presents: The Remixes Vol. 2 • DJ Pon-3 Presents: Halloween • Friendship is Magic: The Instrumentals • Equestria Girls: The Instrumentals • DJ Pon-3 Presents: The Remixes Vol.3 • DJ Pon-3 Presents: The Remixes Vol. 4

英文原文：Flim Flam Miracle Curative Tonic