# Friendship Through the Ages

对于其他动画短片，参阅《小马国女孩：彩虹摇滚》附属动画短片。

友谊永存

剧集
《小马国女孩：彩虹摇滚》附属动画短片
角色
虹爆
演唱
丽贝卡·萧伊凯特
安德烈娅·利布曼
和美·埃文斯
艾希莉·波尔
珊农·陈-肯特
制作
Ishi Rudell（导演）[1]
杰森·蒂森（导演兼副编剧）
Brian Lenard（编剧）
Katrina Hadley（编剧）
迈克尔·沃格（编剧）[2]
Corey Toomey（分镜画师）[3]
卡莱布·钱、David Corman（制作）
Trevor Hoffman（制作）[4]
Ken Chu（动画总监）[5]
音乐
丹尼尔·英格拉姆
歌词
丹尼尔·英格拉姆[6]
调号
降E大调
长度
2:06
发布日期
2015年4月1日[7]
专辑
My Little Pony Equestria Girls: Friendship Games - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack
剧集对白
《小马国女孩：彩虹摇滚》附属动画短片
BMI Work ID
20681028

友谊永存
（原声专辑版本）

剧集
《小马国女孩：彩虹摇滚》附属动画短片
调号
降E大调
长度
2:06
专辑
My Little Pony Equestria Girls: Friendship Games - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack
剧集对白
《小马国女孩：彩虹摇滚》附属动画短片

《友谊永存》（英语：Friendship Through the Ages）是《小马国女孩：彩虹摇滚》附属动画短片同名短片中的歌曲，故事发生在《小马国女孩：友谊大赛》之前。[8]歌曲由虹爆乐团演唱。短片和歌曲于2015年4月1日被上传至YouTube的“Hasbro Studios Shorts”频道[7]，后被转为私人状态，于2015年4月3日再次分别上传，[9]与这两次上传同时的还有《抛开过去》和《人生是场T台秀》；2015年4月29日被上传至孩之宝“我的小马驹”的脸谱页面上，[10]“Hasbro Studios Shorts”频道于2015年5月6号更新了卡拉OK版。[11]影片中乐队中六位成员均为摇滚发型。[12]在几个月前公布的《Rainbooms Remix》中含有部分本歌曲的内容。

《友谊永存》是专辑《My Little Pony Equestria Girls: Friendship Games - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack》中的第一首歌曲。

动画概要

虹爆带领余晖烁烁展开了一场穿越时空的音乐之旅。短片以暮光闪闪在古典舞台上弹奏钢琴为开场，然后小蝶带着余晖穿过一片丘陵，并递给余晖一根蒲公英让她吹。随后，瑞瑞穿着《彩虹摇滚》里那套佩珀中士风格的服装在一片奇幻的背景中登场，余晖则从一朵开放的花中出现。接着，云宝黛茜演唱了一段金属乐，而余晖则在人群冲浪。苹果杰克现身农场，带来一段乡村音乐，余晖骑在马上，由同她一起跳队列舞。萍琪派唱了一段铁克诺流行乐，余晖则为栅格所分开。虹爆乐团全体成员，加上余晖，由合唱了两段。最终以集体拥抱结束歌曲。

歌词

[暮光闪闪]

Nothing stays the same for long

But when it changes doesn't mean it's gone

Time will always get away

As it leaves behind another day

[小蝶]

Things may come and things may go

Some go fast and some go slow

Few things last, that's all I know

But friendship carries on through the ages

[瑞瑞和小蝶]

Things may come and things may go

Some go fast and some go slow

Few things last, that's all I know

But friendship carries on through the ages

[云宝]

Been around for a long time

Rocking out hard 'cause I'm in my prime

Maybe it'll change further down the line

But my friendship carries on through the ages

[阿杰]

Every single style has something

Different it can say

There's nothing wrong with being unique

And special in your own way

[萍琪派]

Maybe you wanna be a pop star

Get your fifteen minutes of fame, wha, ah! Ah, oh!

That won't last forever

But friendship remains the same, ah-oh, oh!

[虹爆]

Things may come and things may go

Some go fast and some go slow

Few things last, that's all I know

But friendship carries on through the ages

[瑞瑞]

But friendship carries on

[虹爆]

Things may come and things may go

Some go fast and some go slow

Few things last, that's all I know

But friendship carries on through the ages

[瑞瑞]

But friendship carries on

Ohhh-oh, carries on...

参考

↑ Katrina Hadley (2018-01-25). Correct, so was Jayson. Again, we all contributed to the narrative while still in our respective roles. There was no formal script.. Twitter. 于2018年1月25日检索.

↑ Ishi Rudell (2015-03-31). Ishi Rudell on Twitter: "“@Chevistian1: @ishiH3Art Who Wrotte The 3 Shorts” collaboration... @goldenrusset @isitlunchyet_t @WheelOfCheese @dannyimusic @mktoon". Twitter. 于2015年4月1日检索.

↑ Katrina Hadley (2015-03-31). "Friendship Through the Ages...". Twitter. 于2015年3月31日检索.

↑ Daniel Ingram (2015-04-06). "Last year Hasbro posed...". Facebook. 于2015年4月6日检索.

↑ Ishi Rudell (2015-04-07). "@JustGame4It I can't take credit...". Twitter. 于2015年4月15日检索.

↑ Ishi Rudell (2015-03-31). "'@jasonbres: @ishiH3Art Who wrote the lyrics to each of the songs?'". Twitter. 于2015年3月31日检索.

↑ 7.0 7.1 gdata.youtube.com/feeds/api/videos/2EMmOV8N4Aw. 于2015年4月1日检索.

↑ Daniel Ingram (2015-04-06). "Here's the last of the...". Facebook. 于2015年4月6日检索.

↑ gdata.youtube.com/feeds/api/videos/-3ixfTKGG8A. 于2015年4月3日检索.

↑ Omigoshomigosh everypony, here’s another.... Facebook (2015-04-29). 于2015年4月29日检索.

↑ MLP: Equestria Girls - Rainbow Rocks "Friendship Through the Ages" SING-ALONG. YouTube (2015-05-06). 于2015年5月6日检索.

↑ My Little Pony Equestria Girls US Rockin' Hairstyles. YouTube (2015-03-27). 于2015年4月1日检索.

我的小马驹：友谊就是魔法 — 歌曲

友谊就是魔法

第一季Laughter Song • Pinkie's Gala Fantasy Song • The Ticket Song • Hop Skip and Jump song • Evil Enchantress song • Winter Wrap Up • Cupcake Song • Art of the Dress • Hush Now Lullaby • Cutie Mark Crusaders Song • You Got to Share, You Got to Care • So Many Wonders • Pinkie Pie's Singing Telegram • At the Gala • I'm at the Grand Galloping Gala • Pony Pokey

第二季Find A Pet Song • Becoming Popular (The Pony Everypony Should Know) • The Heart Carol • Happy Monthiversary • Piggy Dance • The Flim Flam Brothers • The Perfect Stallion • Smile Song • Cranky Doodle Donkey • Welcome Song • Cranky Doodle Joy • B.B.B.F.F. • This Day Aria, Part 1 • This Day Aria, Part 2 • Love Is In Bloom

第三季The Failure Song • The Ballad of the Crystal Empire • The Success Song • Babs Seed • Raise This Barn • Morning in Ponyville • What My Cutie Mark Is Telling Me • I've Got to Find a Way • A True, True Friend • Celestia's Ballad • Behold, Princess Twilight Sparkle • Life in Equestria

第四季Hearts Strong as Horses • Bats • Generosity • Apples to the Core • Glass of Water • Pinkie the Party Planner • The Super Duper Party Pony • Pinkie's Lament • The Goof Off • Cheese Confesses • Make a Wish • Music in the Treetops • Find the Music in You • Flim Flam Miracle Curative Tonic • The rappin' Hist'ry of the Wonderbolts • You'll Play Your Part • Let the Rainbow Remind You

第五季In Our Town • Make This Castle A Home • I'll Fly • Rules of Rarity • Sisterhood • We'll Make Our Mark（序曲） • The Vote • The Pony I Want to Be • Light of Your Cutie Mark • The Pony I Want to Be（重复） • We'll Make Our Mark • Equestria, the Land I Love • The Spectacle • The Magic Inside • Equestria, the Land I Love（重复） • Friends Are Always There For You

第六季Out On My Own • Hearth's Warming Eve Is Here Once Again • Say Goodbye to the Holiday • The Seeds of the Past (part 1 & 2) • Pinkie's Present • Luna's Future • Hearth's Warming Eve Is Here Once Again（重复） • Can I Do It On My Own • It's Gonna Work • Derby Racers • A Changeling Can Change • Find the Purpose in Your Life

第七季Best Friends Until the End of Time • Battle for Sugar Belle • You're In My Head Like a Catchy Song • Flawless • Blank Flanks Forever

第八季School of Friendship • Friendship Always Wins •  Your Heart Is in Two Places • Friendship U • We're Friendship Bound • A Kirin Tale • Just Can't Be a Dragon Here

最棒的礼物One More Day • The True Gift of Gifting

第九季The Place Where We Belong • Fit Right In • Better Way to Be Bad • Lotta Little Things • The Last Laugh • Being Big is All It Takes • The Magic of Friendship Grows

彩虹之旅Rainbow Roadtrip • The End of the Rainbow • Living in Color

小马国女孩

小马国女孩This Strange World • Equestria Girls • Time to Come Together • This is Our Big Night • A Friend for Life • My Little Pony Friends（删节）

彩虹摇滚让尾巴摇摆 • 快乐的完美一天 • Rainbow Rocks • Better Than Ever • Battle • Bad Counter Spell • Under Our Spell • Tricks Up My Sleeve • Awesome As I Wanna Be • Welcome to the Show • Rainbooms Battle • Shine Like Rainbows • Life is a Runway • 抛开过去 • Friendship Through the Ages

友谊大赛Friendship Games • CHS Rally Song • What More Is Out There? • ACADECA •  Unleash the Magic • Right There in Front of Me

无尽之森传奇The Legend of Everfree • The Midnight in Me • Embrace the Magic • We Will Stand For Everfree • Legend You Were Meant To Be • Hope Shines Eternal

特别篇热舞魔法 • We've Come So Far • Invisible • Photo Booth • All Good • True Original

动画短片快乐的完美一天 • 人生是场T台秀 • 抛开过去 • 友谊永存 • 科学怪暮 • 周一的阴郁 • 摇上一摇 • 演出疾驰不息 • 世界真小 • 善良共鸣 • Rise Up! • Room to Grow • 朝五晚九 • 另外一面 • 灵感彼岸 • 游艇逍遥 • 尽情奔跑 • 寻觅魔力 • 任雨狂 • 增添力量

我的小马驹大电影

We Got the Beat • We Got This Together • I'm the Friend You Need • Time to Be Awesome • One Small Thing • Open Up Your Eyes • Rainbow • Off To See The World

其他

书籍中的歌曲Laugh, Ponyacci, Laugh • Hearth's Warming Peeve • The Flim Flam Peelcore 8000 • It's the Pop • Rhythm of Our Names • Cold Hooves, Warm Hearts • Windy the Windigo • Talk to Your Friends

专辑歌曲True True Friend Winter Wrap-Up • It's a Pony Kind of Christmas • Jingle Bells • Deck the Halls • We Wish You a Merry Christmas • Silent Night • Twelve Days of Christmas • Last Year I Got Coal for Christmas • Jolly Ol' St. Nick • Days Gone By (Auld Lang Syne) • Thank You for Being a Friend • Can You Feel It • I'll Chase the Sky • No Better Feelin' • I'll Be Around • Neighsayer • Equestria

其他我的小马驹主题曲 • Equestria Girls（商业广告） • The Fresh Princess of Friendship • Happy Birthday to You! • Equestria Girls Forever • Saved by My Friends • 小马日常主题曲 • We Shine Brighter Together • Wild Heart Beats

专辑与单曲

Songs of Friendship and Magic • Songs of Ponyville • Rainbow Rocks - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack • Magical Friendship Tour • Equestria Girls - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack • Rainbow Rocks CD • Equestria Girls CD • Songs of Harmony • Friendship is Magic Remixed • 2015 Convention Collection • Friendship Games - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack • It's a Pony Kind of Christmas • Friendship is Magic Collection • Equestria Girls Collection • Pinkie Pie's Party Playlist • Legend of Everfree - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack • Explore Equestria: Greatest Hits • My Little Pony: The Movie (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) • My Little Pony: The Movie (Original Motion Picture Score) • DJ Pon-3 Presents: The Remixes Vol. 2 • DJ Pon-3 Presents: Halloween • Friendship is Magic: The Instrumentals • Equestria Girls: The Instrumentals • DJ Pon-3 Presents: The Remixes Vol.3 • DJ Pon-3 Presents: The Remixes Vol. 4

英文原文：Friendship Through the Ages