# Glass of Water

对于“Lemon Chiffon”的一个可爱标记和水，参阅可爱标记列表和饮食。

Glass of Water

剧集
不速之客
角色
无序
演唱
约翰·德·兰西
音乐
丹尼尔·英格拉姆
斯特凡·安德鲁（管弦乐）[1]
歌词
埃德·瓦伦廷
调号
D小调，降E小调
长度
1:53
专辑
Songs of Harmony
季
第四季
剧集对白
不速之客
BMI Work ID
17950954

Glass of Water（专辑版本）

调号
D小调，降E小调
长度
1:54
专辑
Songs of Harmony
季
第四季

《Glass of Water》，或称《A Glass Of Water》,[1]是《我的小马驹：友谊就是魔法》第四季的第五首歌曲，出现在第11集“不速之客”中。这首歌标志着无序首次独唱。在这首滑稽的快歌中，无序列了一个“小”列表，列出了他在青流感康复过程中，想请韵律公主和暮光闪闪帮的小忙。

约翰·德·兰西以半说半唱的诵唱形式演唱此歌。丹尼尔·英格拉姆发言称这首歌的伴奏音轨因为“太轻”，几乎听不见。[2]在一场采访中，作词人埃德·瓦伦廷表示这首歌的歌词以音乐剧《金牌制作人》的歌曲《The King of Broadway》为基础而作。[3]这首歌为专辑《Songs of Harmony》的第六首歌曲，并在《Discord and the Ponyville Players Dramarama》的第4章中被提及。

歌词

  

[无序]

A little glass of water please

A fresh pressed hanky if I sneeze

Some tea with honey from the bees

Whenever you can brew it

韵律公主: I'll get your tea.

[无序]

And while I get a little rest

A teeny tiny small request

Some codfish oil for my chest

Poured from a crystal cruet

暮光闪闪: A crystal cruet?

[无序]

[singing faster]

My goodness, I'm a nincompoop

Because I fear I've got the croup

I need a vat of pumpkin soup

And scarves made out of zinnias

Did I say zinnias? I meant silk

Or something shiny of that ilk

And then I'll need some nice warm milk

And pastries from Abyssinia

And since my stomach's feeling crummy

Why not give my aching tummy

Something soothing, something yummy

Piled up with noodles?

Add a slice of homemade rye

With stacks of Swiss way up high

Served with sides of sweet mince pie

More basil; I need oodles!

暮光闪闪: Anything else?

[无序]

I'll be grateful for your charity

Until the bitter end

Because I've heard that tenderness

Is what you lend an ailing friend

Tenderness, isn't that right, friend?

暮光闪闪: Right, but—

无序: So, who's ready for my big reprise?

I'd like that glass of water please

Some magic spell to cure disease

A firm "gesundhoof" when I sneeze

A fresh bouquet of roses

Some lozenges will soon appease

My wheezing when I start to sneeze

A wig to keep me from the breeze

And blankets for my toes-es

Take tweezers out of my valise

And then massage my knobby knees

A bowl of peas, some extra cheese

A cuddle with a Pekingese

A singing harp who's named Louise

A goat on skis, a new trapeze

And more and more and more and more of these

And just because I oughta...

Make sure I'm drinking in the right

Amount of fluids day and night

I wish I may, I wish I might

Have just one little thing

Oh, would you please finally bring

Me that tiny glass

Of water?!!

参考

↑ 1.0 1.1 Daniel Ingram (2014-01-25). Two more new songs airing today! One of.... Facebook. 于2014年1月25日检索.

↑ Daniel Ingram (2014-01-27). Finally heard the show mix on Glass of Water song... Music is too quiet. Twitter. 于2014年1月27日检索.

↑ Ryan Markey (2015-01-26). Having Hearts Strong as Horses - My interview with Ed Valentine. The Markey Mailer. 于2015年3月11日检索.

我的小马驹：友谊就是魔法 — 歌曲

友谊就是魔法

第一季Laughter Song • Pinkie's Gala Fantasy Song • The Ticket Song • Hop Skip and Jump song • Evil Enchantress song • Winter Wrap Up • Cupcake Song • Art of the Dress • Hush Now Lullaby • Cutie Mark Crusaders Song • You Got to Share, You Got to Care • So Many Wonders • Pinkie Pie's Singing Telegram • At the Gala • I'm at the Grand Galloping Gala • Pony Pokey

第二季Find A Pet Song • Becoming Popular (The Pony Everypony Should Know) • The Heart Carol • Happy Monthiversary • Piggy Dance • The Flim Flam Brothers • The Perfect Stallion • Smile Song • Cranky Doodle Donkey • Welcome Song • Cranky Doodle Joy • B.B.B.F.F. • This Day Aria, Part 1 • This Day Aria, Part 2 • Love Is In Bloom

第三季The Failure Song • The Ballad of the Crystal Empire • The Success Song • Babs Seed • Raise This Barn • Morning in Ponyville • What My Cutie Mark Is Telling Me • I've Got to Find a Way • A True, True Friend • Celestia's Ballad • Behold, Princess Twilight Sparkle • Life in Equestria

第四季Hearts Strong as Horses • Bats • Generosity • Apples to the Core • Glass of Water • Pinkie the Party Planner • The Super Duper Party Pony • Pinkie's Lament • The Goof Off • Cheese Confesses • Make a Wish • Music in the Treetops • Find the Music in You • Flim Flam Miracle Curative Tonic • The rappin' Hist'ry of the Wonderbolts • You'll Play Your Part • Let the Rainbow Remind You

第五季In Our Town • Make This Castle A Home • I'll Fly • Rules of Rarity • Sisterhood • We'll Make Our Mark（序曲） • The Vote • The Pony I Want to Be • Light of Your Cutie Mark • The Pony I Want to Be（重复） • We'll Make Our Mark • Equestria, the Land I Love • The Spectacle • The Magic Inside • Equestria, the Land I Love（重复） • Friends Are Always There For You

第六季Out On My Own • Hearth's Warming Eve Is Here Once Again • Say Goodbye to the Holiday • The Seeds of the Past (part 1 & 2) • Pinkie's Present • Luna's Future • Hearth's Warming Eve Is Here Once Again（重复） • Can I Do It On My Own • It's Gonna Work • Derby Racers • A Changeling Can Change • Find the Purpose in Your Life

第七季Best Friends Until the End of Time • Battle for Sugar Belle • You're In My Head Like a Catchy Song • Flawless • Blank Flanks Forever

第八季School of Friendship • Friendship Always Wins •  Your Heart Is in Two Places • Friendship U • We're Friendship Bound • A Kirin Tale • Just Can't Be a Dragon Here

最棒的礼物One More Day • The True Gift of Gifting

第九季The Place Where We Belong • Fit Right In • Better Way to Be Bad • Lotta Little Things • The Last Laugh • Being Big is All It Takes • The Magic of Friendship Grows

彩虹之旅Rainbow Roadtrip • The End of the Rainbow • Living in Color

小马国女孩

小马国女孩This Strange World • Equestria Girls • Time to Come Together • This is Our Big Night • A Friend for Life • My Little Pony Friends（删节）

彩虹摇滚让尾巴摇摆 • 快乐的完美一天 • Rainbow Rocks • Better Than Ever • Battle • Bad Counter Spell • Under Our Spell • Tricks Up My Sleeve • Awesome As I Wanna Be • Welcome to the Show • Rainbooms Battle • Shine Like Rainbows • Life is a Runway • 抛开过去 • Friendship Through the Ages

友谊大赛Friendship Games • CHS Rally Song • What More Is Out There? • ACADECA •  Unleash the Magic • Right There in Front of Me

无尽之森传奇The Legend of Everfree • The Midnight in Me • Embrace the Magic • We Will Stand For Everfree • Legend You Were Meant To Be • Hope Shines Eternal

特别篇热舞魔法 • We've Come So Far • Invisible • Photo Booth • All Good • True Original

动画短片快乐的完美一天 • 人生是场T台秀 • 抛开过去 • 友谊永存 • 科学怪暮 • 周一的阴郁 • 摇上一摇 • 演出疾驰不息 • 世界真小 • 善良共鸣 • Rise Up! • Room to Grow • 朝五晚九 • 另外一面 • 灵感彼岸 • 游艇逍遥 • 尽情奔跑 • 寻觅魔力 • 任雨狂 • 增添力量

我的小马驹大电影

We Got the Beat • We Got This Together • I'm the Friend You Need • Time to Be Awesome • One Small Thing • Open Up Your Eyes • Rainbow • Off To See The World

其他

书籍中的歌曲Laugh, Ponyacci, Laugh • Hearth's Warming Peeve • The Flim Flam Peelcore 8000 • It's the Pop • Rhythm of Our Names • Cold Hooves, Warm Hearts • Windy the Windigo • Talk to Your Friends

专辑歌曲True True Friend Winter Wrap-Up • It's a Pony Kind of Christmas • Jingle Bells • Deck the Halls • We Wish You a Merry Christmas • Silent Night • Twelve Days of Christmas • Last Year I Got Coal for Christmas • Jolly Ol' St. Nick • Days Gone By (Auld Lang Syne) • Thank You for Being a Friend • Can You Feel It • I'll Chase the Sky • No Better Feelin' • I'll Be Around • Neighsayer • Equestria

其他我的小马驹主题曲 • Equestria Girls（商业广告） • The Fresh Princess of Friendship • Happy Birthday to You! • Equestria Girls Forever • Saved by My Friends • 小马日常主题曲 • We Shine Brighter Together • Wild Heart Beats

专辑与单曲

Songs of Friendship and Magic • Songs of Ponyville • Rainbow Rocks - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack • Magical Friendship Tour • Equestria Girls - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack • Rainbow Rocks CD • Equestria Girls CD • Songs of Harmony • Friendship is Magic Remixed • 2015 Convention Collection • Friendship Games - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack • It's a Pony Kind of Christmas • Friendship is Magic Collection • Equestria Girls Collection • Pinkie Pie's Party Playlist • Legend of Everfree - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack • Explore Equestria: Greatest Hits • My Little Pony: The Movie (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) • My Little Pony: The Movie (Original Motion Picture Score) • DJ Pon-3 Presents: The Remixes Vol. 2 • DJ Pon-3 Presents: Halloween • Friendship is Magic: The Instrumentals • Equestria Girls: The Instrumentals • DJ Pon-3 Presents: The Remixes Vol.3 • DJ Pon-3 Presents: The Remixes Vol. 4

英文原文：Glass of Water