# Legend You Were Meant To Be

Legend You Were Meant To Be

电影
小马国女孩：无尽之森传奇
角色
虹爆乐团
演唱
丽贝卡·萧伊凯特
安德烈娅·利布曼
艾希莉·波尔
和美·埃文斯
珊农·陈-肯特
制作
Tori Grant（分镜修订）
Selena Marchetti（分镜修订）
Desirae Salmark（分镜修订）
音乐
丹尼尔·英格拉姆
卡莱布·钱（制作）
Trevor Hoffman（制作与声乐改编）
歌词
克里斯蒂娜·桑科
乔安娜·刘易斯
丹尼尔·英格拉姆
调号
降A大调
长度
2:27
专辑
My Little Pony Equestria Girls: Legend of Everfree - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack
电影对白
小马国女孩：无尽之森传奇
BMI Work ID
23438839

《Legend You Were Meant To Be》是《小马国女孩：无尽之森传奇》六首歌曲中的第五首，此外也是原声专辑《My Little Pony Equestria Girls: Legend of Everfree - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack》中的第五首歌曲，在专辑中其名字为”Legend You Are Meant To Be“。在电影的首个预告片中也出现了本曲的一部分。在电影中，虹爆乐团在无尽之森营地的水晶舞会募捐活动上演奏了本歌。

制作

本曲还出现在了在小说版本的《无尽之森传奇》的第二十一章中，但歌词与电影版本不同。

此外，本曲的旋律还被用在了官方YouTube频道上的《我的小马驹：友谊就是魔法》第一季到第六季的回顾视频《Days of Ponies Past》之中。

歌词

电影版本

[暮光闪闪]

I used to think that stories were just that

Set in stone, concrete as a fact

It didn't dawn on me

That I could change history

[余晖烁烁]

Now I know I'm writing my own song

Fight my way to the ending that I want

I'll turn a tragedy

[余晖烁烁和暮光闪闪]

Into an epic fantasy

[虹爆乐团]

Hey, hey, hey

You can be a hero (hero) too

Oh-oh-oh

Take my hand, I'm here for you

Come away with me

Be the legend you were meant to be

You'll always be Everfree

Oh, oo-wah, ah-oh, oo-wah, ah-oh, oo-wah

To be the legend you were meant to be

Oh, oo-wah, ah-oh, oo-wah, ah-oh, oo-wah

To be the legend you were meant to be

[小蝶]

There was a time when fear would hold me down

'Cause I let it chain me to the ground

[云宝黛茜]

Look at me now, I'm soaring high

It's never boring in the sky

[苹果杰克]

When I know I've got friends on my side

Whatever trials, I'll take them all in stride

[瑞瑞]

Together we will shine so bright

A radiant brilliance in the night

[虹爆乐团]

Hey, hey, hey

You can be a hero (hero) too

Oh-oh-oh

Take my hand, I'm here for you

Come away with me

Be the legend you were meant to be

You'll always be Everfree

Oh, oo-wah, ah-oh, oo-wah, ah-oh, oo-wah

To be the legend you were meant to be

Oh, oo-wah, ah-oh, oo-wah, ah-oh, oo-wah

To be the legend you were meant to be!

书籍版本

[虹爆乐团]

I used to think that stories were just that.

Set in stone, concrete as a fact.

It didn't come to that I could change history.

Now I know I write my own,

Fight my way to the ending that I want.

I'll turn a tragedy to an epic fantasy!

Hey, hey, hey.

You can be a hero, too.

Take my hand; I'm here for you!

Come, come away with me.

Be the legend you were meant to be!

You are and always will be Everfree!

There was a time when fear held me down.

I let it chain me to the ground.

But now I'm soaring. Life is never boring!

I'm as awesome as I wanna be.

But I'm more than I believed.

Faster than lightning and more exciting,

We'll be a sight you can't miss,

Just trust in us 'cause we got this!

We're always sure to win.

If we harness the power that's within.

Come, come away with me.

Be the legend you were meant to be!

You are and always will be Everfree!

我的小马驹：友谊就是魔法 — 歌曲

友谊就是魔法

第一季Laughter Song • Pinkie's Gala Fantasy Song • The Ticket Song • Hop Skip and Jump song • Evil Enchantress song • Winter Wrap Up • Cupcake Song • Art of the Dress • Hush Now Lullaby • Cutie Mark Crusaders Song • You Got to Share, You Got to Care • So Many Wonders • Pinkie Pie's Singing Telegram • At the Gala • I'm at the Grand Galloping Gala • Pony Pokey

第二季Find A Pet Song • Becoming Popular (The Pony Everypony Should Know) • The Heart Carol • Happy Monthiversary • Piggy Dance • The Flim Flam Brothers • The Perfect Stallion • Smile Song • Cranky Doodle Donkey • Welcome Song • Cranky Doodle Joy • B.B.B.F.F. • This Day Aria, Part 1 • This Day Aria, Part 2 • Love Is In Bloom

第三季The Failure Song • The Ballad of the Crystal Empire • The Success Song • Babs Seed • Raise This Barn • Morning in Ponyville • What My Cutie Mark Is Telling Me • I've Got to Find a Way • A True, True Friend • Celestia's Ballad • Behold, Princess Twilight Sparkle • Life in Equestria

第四季Hearts Strong as Horses • Bats • Generosity • Apples to the Core • Glass of Water • Pinkie the Party Planner • The Super Duper Party Pony • Pinkie's Lament • The Goof Off • Cheese Confesses • Make a Wish • Music in the Treetops • Find the Music in You • Flim Flam Miracle Curative Tonic • The rappin' Hist'ry of the Wonderbolts • You'll Play Your Part • Let the Rainbow Remind You

第五季In Our Town • Make This Castle A Home • I'll Fly • Rules of Rarity • Sisterhood • We'll Make Our Mark（序曲） • The Vote • The Pony I Want to Be • Light of Your Cutie Mark • The Pony I Want to Be（重复） • We'll Make Our Mark • Equestria, the Land I Love • The Spectacle • The Magic Inside • Equestria, the Land I Love（重复） • Friends Are Always There For You

第六季Out On My Own • Hearth's Warming Eve Is Here Once Again • Say Goodbye to the Holiday • The Seeds of the Past (part 1 & 2) • Pinkie's Present • Luna's Future • Hearth's Warming Eve Is Here Once Again（重复） • Can I Do It On My Own • It's Gonna Work • Derby Racers • A Changeling Can Change • Find the Purpose in Your Life

第七季Best Friends Until the End of Time • Battle for Sugar Belle • You're In My Head Like a Catchy Song • Flawless • Blank Flanks Forever

第八季School of Friendship • Friendship Always Wins •  Your Heart Is in Two Places • Friendship U • We're Friendship Bound • A Kirin Tale • Just Can't Be a Dragon Here

最棒的礼物One More Day • The True Gift of Gifting

第九季The Place Where We Belong • Fit Right In • Better Way to Be Bad • Lotta Little Things • The Last Laugh • Being Big is All It Takes • The Magic of Friendship Grows

彩虹之旅Rainbow Roadtrip • The End of the Rainbow • Living in Color

小马国女孩

小马国女孩This Strange World • Equestria Girls • Time to Come Together • This is Our Big Night • A Friend for Life • My Little Pony Friends（删节）

彩虹摇滚让尾巴摇摆 • 快乐的完美一天 • Rainbow Rocks • Better Than Ever • Battle • Bad Counter Spell • Under Our Spell • Tricks Up My Sleeve • Awesome As I Wanna Be • Welcome to the Show • Rainbooms Battle • Shine Like Rainbows • Life is a Runway • 抛开过去 • Friendship Through the Ages

友谊大赛Friendship Games • CHS Rally Song • What More Is Out There? • ACADECA •  Unleash the Magic • Right There in Front of Me

无尽之森传奇The Legend of Everfree • The Midnight in Me • Embrace the Magic • We Will Stand For Everfree • Legend You Were Meant To Be • Hope Shines Eternal

特别篇热舞魔法 • We've Come So Far • Invisible • Photo Booth • All Good • True Original

动画短片快乐的完美一天 • 人生是场T台秀 • 抛开过去 • 友谊永存 • 科学怪暮 • 周一的阴郁 • 摇上一摇 • 演出疾驰不息 • 世界真小 • 善良共鸣 • Rise Up! • Room to Grow • 朝五晚九 • 另外一面 • 灵感彼岸 • 游艇逍遥 • 尽情奔跑 • 寻觅魔力 • 任雨狂 • 增添力量

我的小马驹大电影

We Got the Beat • We Got This Together • I'm the Friend You Need • Time to Be Awesome • One Small Thing • Open Up Your Eyes • Rainbow • Off To See The World

其他

书籍中的歌曲Laugh, Ponyacci, Laugh • Hearth's Warming Peeve • The Flim Flam Peelcore 8000 • It's the Pop • Rhythm of Our Names • Cold Hooves, Warm Hearts • Windy the Windigo • Talk to Your Friends

专辑歌曲True True Friend Winter Wrap-Up • It's a Pony Kind of Christmas • Jingle Bells • Deck the Halls • We Wish You a Merry Christmas • Silent Night • Twelve Days of Christmas • Last Year I Got Coal for Christmas • Jolly Ol' St. Nick • Days Gone By (Auld Lang Syne) • Thank You for Being a Friend • Can You Feel It • I'll Chase the Sky • No Better Feelin' • I'll Be Around • Neighsayer • Equestria

其他我的小马驹主题曲 • Equestria Girls（商业广告） • The Fresh Princess of Friendship • Happy Birthday to You! • Equestria Girls Forever • Saved by My Friends • 小马日常主题曲 • We Shine Brighter Together • Wild Heart Beats

专辑与单曲

Songs of Friendship and Magic • Songs of Ponyville • Rainbow Rocks - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack • Magical Friendship Tour • Equestria Girls - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack • Rainbow Rocks CD • Equestria Girls CD • Songs of Harmony • Friendship is Magic Remixed • 2015 Convention Collection • Friendship Games - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack • It's a Pony Kind of Christmas • Friendship is Magic Collection • Equestria Girls Collection • Pinkie Pie's Party Playlist • Legend of Everfree - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack • Explore Equestria: Greatest Hits • My Little Pony: The Movie (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) • My Little Pony: The Movie (Original Motion Picture Score) • DJ Pon-3 Presents: The Remixes Vol. 2 • DJ Pon-3 Presents: Halloween • Friendship is Magic: The Instrumentals • Equestria Girls: The Instrumentals • DJ Pon-3 Presents: The Remixes Vol.3 • DJ Pon-3 Presents: The Remixes Vol. 4

英文原文：Legend You Were Meant To Be