# My Past is Not Today

对于其他动画短片，参阅《小马国女孩：彩虹摇滚》附属动画短片。

抛开过去
My Past is Not Today

剧集
《小马国女孩：彩虹摇滚》附属动画短片
角色
余晖烁烁
演唱
丽贝卡·萧伊凯特
制作
Ishi Rudell（导演）[1]
杰森·蒂森（导演兼副编剧）
Brian Lenard（编剧）
迈克尔·沃格（编剧）[2]
Katrina Hadley（分镜画师）[3]
David Corman（制作）[4]
Ken Chu（动画导演）[5]
音乐
丹尼尔·英格拉姆
歌词
丹尼尔·英格拉姆[6]
调号
B小调、D大调
长度
2:19
发布日期
2015年4月1日[7]
专辑
My Little Pony Equestria Girls: Friendship Games - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack
剧集对白
《小马国女孩：彩虹摇滚》附属动画短片
BMI Work ID
20683451

抛开过去
（原声专辑版本）
My Past is Not Today
(Soundtrack Version)

剧集
《小马国女孩：彩虹摇滚》附属动画短片
调号
B小调、D大调
长度
2:16
专辑
My Little Pony Equestria Girls: Friendship Games - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack
剧集对白
《小马国女孩：彩虹摇滚》附属动画短片

《抛开过去》（英语：My Past is Not Today） 是《小马国女孩：彩虹摇滚》同名短片中的一首歌曲，为《小马国女孩》系列第三部电影《小马国女孩：友谊大赛》的先导。[4]其短片和歌曲均于2015年4月1日由Youtube频道“Hasbro Studios Shorts”上传，[7]随后被设置为私人，又于2015年4月3日再次分别上传，[8]与这两次上传同时的还有《Life is a Runway》和《Friendship Through the Ages》；孩之宝的“My Little Pony”脸谱页面与2015年5月3日上传此歌曲，[9]“Hasbro Studios Shorts”Youtube频道则在2015年5月4日上传了这首歌的跟唱版本。[10]这首歌为余晖烁烁的第一首独唱歌曲。在短片结尾，余晖摆出凤凰一般的姿势，据Ishi Rudell所说，其具有象征意，[11][12]使人想到“Time to Shine”玩偶和小说《Sunset Shimmer's Time to Shine》中的rock star dress。

在巴诺书店出版的特殊版《My Little Pony: Equestria Girls: Sunset Shimmer's Time to Shine》插入广告页的背面，写着一封余晖烁烁写给瑞瑞的信，其中含有歌曲《抛开过去》的草稿。这首歌为原声专辑《My Little Pony Equestria Girls: Friendship Games - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack》的第二首歌曲，以“My Past Is Not Today”为题。

动画概要

黄昏时分，余晖烁烁出现在坎特拉高中的屋顶唱歌。接着，闪过几个第一部电影中，她化身恶魔的回忆。随着回忆步步深入，余晖丢弃了出现在塞拉斯蒂娅校长办公室中的她秋礼服公主的照片。歌曲涉及其交友何其困难。于是余晖决定让过去成为过去，疾风扬起了她的皮夹克。随后她被以黄色的魔法光芒包围，渐渐漂浮在空中，同时摆出了凤凰一般的姿势。

歌词

[余晖烁烁]

Power

Was all I desired (I desired, all I desired)

But all that grew inside me

Was the darkness I acquired

When I began to fall

And I lost the path ahead

That's when your friendship found me

And it lifted me instead

Like a phoenix burning bright

In the sky

I'll show there's another side to me

You can't deny

I may not know what the future holds

But hear me when I say

That my past does not define me

'Cause my past is not today

Ambition

Is what I believed

Would be the only way

To set me free

But when it disappeared

And I found myself alone

That's when you came and got me

And it felt like I was home

Like a phoenix burning bright

In the sky

I'll show there's another side to me

You can't deny

I may not know what the future holds

But hear me when I say

That my past does not define me

'Cause my past is not today

参考

↑ Katrina Hadley (2018-01-25). Correct, so was Jayson. Again, we all contributed to the narrative while still in our respective roles. There was no formal script.. Twitter. 于2018年1月25日检索.

↑ Ishi Rudell (2015-03-31). Ishi Rudell on Twitter: "“@Chevistian1: @ishiH3Art Who Wrotte The 3 Shorts” collaboration... @goldenrusset @isitlunchyet_t @WheelOfCheese @dannyimusic @mktoon". Twitter. 于2015年4月1日检索.

↑ Katrina Hadley (2015-03-31). "Check out this brand new...". Twitter. 于2015年3月31日检索.

↑ 4.0 4.1 Daniel Ingram (2015-04-06). "Here's the last of the...". Facebook. 于2015年4月6日检索.

↑ Ishi Rudell (2015-04-07). "@JustGame4It I can't take credit...". Twitter. 于2015年4月15日检索.

↑ Ishi Rudell (2015-03-31). "'@jasonbres: @ishiH3Art Who wrote the lyrics to each of the songs?'". Twitter. 于2015年3月31日检索.

↑ 7.0 7.1 gdata.youtube.com/feeds/api/videos/4eTef5Iqe0Y. 于2015年4月1日检索.

↑ gdata.youtube.com/feeds/api/videos/XqnbYUG6Bn8. 于2015年4月3日检索.

↑ If anypony ever doubted that you can’t change for.... Facebook (2015-05-03). 于2015年5月3日检索.

↑ MLP: Equestria Girls - Rainbow Rocks Playlist "My Past is Not Today" SING-ALONG. YouTube (2015-05-04). 于2015年5月4日检索.

↑ Ishi Rudell (2015-04-01). Ishi Rudell on Twitter: "@Marimo0Marimo the Phoenix transformation was just a visual metaphor 😉". Twitter. 于2015年4月3日检索.

↑ Ishi Rudell (2015-04-02). Ishi Rudell on Twitter: "@nhSnork think of them more like music videos. No sunset shimmer does not have the power to turn into a Phoenix. That was more of metaphor.". Twitter. 于2015年4月3日检索.

我的小马驹：友谊就是魔法 — 歌曲

友谊就是魔法

第一季Laughter Song • Pinkie's Gala Fantasy Song • The Ticket Song • Hop Skip and Jump song • Evil Enchantress song • Winter Wrap Up • Cupcake Song • Art of the Dress • Hush Now Lullaby • Cutie Mark Crusaders Song • You Got to Share, You Got to Care • So Many Wonders • Pinkie Pie's Singing Telegram • At the Gala • I'm at the Grand Galloping Gala • Pony Pokey

第二季Find A Pet Song • Becoming Popular (The Pony Everypony Should Know) • The Heart Carol • Happy Monthiversary • Piggy Dance • The Flim Flam Brothers • The Perfect Stallion • Smile Song • Cranky Doodle Donkey • Welcome Song • Cranky Doodle Joy • B.B.B.F.F. • This Day Aria, Part 1 • This Day Aria, Part 2 • Love Is In Bloom

第三季The Failure Song • The Ballad of the Crystal Empire • The Success Song • Babs Seed • Raise This Barn • Morning in Ponyville • What My Cutie Mark Is Telling Me • I've Got to Find a Way • A True, True Friend • Celestia's Ballad • Behold, Princess Twilight Sparkle • Life in Equestria

第四季Hearts Strong as Horses • Bats • Generosity • Apples to the Core • Glass of Water • Pinkie the Party Planner • The Super Duper Party Pony • Pinkie's Lament • The Goof Off • Cheese Confesses • Make a Wish • Music in the Treetops • Find the Music in You • Flim Flam Miracle Curative Tonic • The rappin' Hist'ry of the Wonderbolts • You'll Play Your Part • Let the Rainbow Remind You

第五季In Our Town • Make This Castle A Home • I'll Fly • Rules of Rarity • Sisterhood • We'll Make Our Mark（序曲） • The Vote • The Pony I Want to Be • Light of Your Cutie Mark • The Pony I Want to Be（重复） • We'll Make Our Mark • Equestria, the Land I Love • The Spectacle • The Magic Inside • Equestria, the Land I Love（重复） • Friends Are Always There For You

第六季Out On My Own • Hearth's Warming Eve Is Here Once Again • Say Goodbye to the Holiday • The Seeds of the Past (part 1 & 2) • Pinkie's Present • Luna's Future • Hearth's Warming Eve Is Here Once Again（重复） • Can I Do It On My Own • It's Gonna Work • Derby Racers • A Changeling Can Change • Find the Purpose in Your Life

第七季Best Friends Until the End of Time • Battle for Sugar Belle • You're In My Head Like a Catchy Song • Flawless • Blank Flanks Forever

第八季School of Friendship • Friendship Always Wins •  Your Heart Is in Two Places • Friendship U • We're Friendship Bound • A Kirin Tale • Just Can't Be a Dragon Here

最棒的礼物One More Day • The True Gift of Gifting

第九季The Place Where We Belong • Fit Right In • Better Way to Be Bad • Lotta Little Things • The Last Laugh • Being Big is All It Takes • The Magic of Friendship Grows

彩虹之旅Rainbow Roadtrip • The End of the Rainbow • Living in Color

小马国女孩

小马国女孩This Strange World • Equestria Girls • Time to Come Together • This is Our Big Night • A Friend for Life • My Little Pony Friends（删节）

彩虹摇滚让尾巴摇摆 • 快乐的完美一天 • Rainbow Rocks • Better Than Ever • Battle • Bad Counter Spell • Under Our Spell • Tricks Up My Sleeve • Awesome As I Wanna Be • Welcome to the Show • Rainbooms Battle • Shine Like Rainbows • Life is a Runway • 抛开过去 • Friendship Through the Ages

友谊大赛Friendship Games • CHS Rally Song • What More Is Out There? • ACADECA •  Unleash the Magic • Right There in Front of Me

无尽之森传奇The Legend of Everfree • The Midnight in Me • Embrace the Magic • We Will Stand For Everfree • Legend You Were Meant To Be • Hope Shines Eternal

特别篇热舞魔法 • We've Come So Far • Invisible • Photo Booth • All Good • True Original

动画短片快乐的完美一天 • 人生是场T台秀 • 抛开过去 • 友谊永存 • 科学怪暮 • 周一的阴郁 • 摇上一摇 • 演出疾驰不息 • 世界真小 • 善良共鸣 • Rise Up! • Room to Grow • 朝五晚九 • 另外一面 • 灵感彼岸 • 游艇逍遥 • 尽情奔跑 • 寻觅魔力 • 任雨狂 • 增添力量

我的小马驹大电影

We Got the Beat • We Got This Together • I'm the Friend You Need • Time to Be Awesome • One Small Thing • Open Up Your Eyes • Rainbow • Off To See The World

其他

书籍中的歌曲Laugh, Ponyacci, Laugh • Hearth's Warming Peeve • The Flim Flam Peelcore 8000 • It's the Pop • Rhythm of Our Names • Cold Hooves, Warm Hearts • Windy the Windigo • Talk to Your Friends

专辑歌曲True True Friend Winter Wrap-Up • It's a Pony Kind of Christmas • Jingle Bells • Deck the Halls • We Wish You a Merry Christmas • Silent Night • Twelve Days of Christmas • Last Year I Got Coal for Christmas • Jolly Ol' St. Nick • Days Gone By (Auld Lang Syne) • Thank You for Being a Friend • Can You Feel It • I'll Chase the Sky • No Better Feelin' • I'll Be Around • Neighsayer • Equestria

其他我的小马驹主题曲 • Equestria Girls（商业广告） • The Fresh Princess of Friendship • Happy Birthday to You! • Equestria Girls Forever • Saved by My Friends • 小马日常主题曲 • We Shine Brighter Together • Wild Heart Beats

专辑与单曲

Songs of Friendship and Magic • Songs of Ponyville • Rainbow Rocks - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack • Magical Friendship Tour • Equestria Girls - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack • Rainbow Rocks CD • Equestria Girls CD • Songs of Harmony • Friendship is Magic Remixed • 2015 Convention Collection • Friendship Games - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack • It's a Pony Kind of Christmas • Friendship is Magic Collection • Equestria Girls Collection • Pinkie Pie's Party Playlist • Legend of Everfree - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack • Explore Equestria: Greatest Hits • My Little Pony: The Movie (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) • My Little Pony: The Movie (Original Motion Picture Score) • DJ Pon-3 Presents: The Remixes Vol. 2 • DJ Pon-3 Presents: Halloween • Friendship is Magic: The Instrumentals • Equestria Girls: The Instrumentals • DJ Pon-3 Presents: The Remixes Vol.3 • DJ Pon-3 Presents: The Remixes Vol. 4

英文原文：My Past is Not Today