# One More Day

One More Day

剧集
我的小马驹：最棒的礼物
角色
云宝黛茜
小蝶
瑞瑞
萍琪派
苹果杰克
斯派克
暮光闪闪
可爱标记童子军
小马合唱团
演唱
艾希莉·波尔
安德烈娅·利布曼
和美·埃文斯
珊农·陈-肯特
凯西·薇瑟乐克
丽贝卡·萧伊凯特
塞缪尔·文森特
合唱团
制作
纳什维尔配乐乐团（音乐演奏）
音乐
丹尼尔·英格拉姆
歌词
迈克尔·沃格尔
丹尼尔·英格拉姆
调号
D大调
长度
3:02
剧集对白
我的小马驹：最棒的礼物

《One More Day》是一小时特别篇《我的小马驹：最棒的礼物》的第一首歌曲。这首歌的部分动画在2018年圣迭戈国际漫画展上的《我的小马驹》板块放出预览。

歌词

[小马们]

Hearth's Warming Eve is almost here

There's so much left to do

[云宝黛茜]

Still need to shop for all my friends

But what to get? No clue!

[小蝶]

This one is nice, and that's so cute

Although that's pretty, too

[瑞瑞]

Why do I make all these gifts each year?

I doubt I'll make it through

[云宝黛茜、小蝶、瑞瑞]

One more day before the cheer

[小马们]

Shop! Pay! Box! Wrap! Bow! Repeat!

[云宝黛茜、小蝶、瑞瑞]

One last chance before the holiday's here

[小马们]

Box! Wrap! Bow! Again!

[云宝黛茜、小蝶、瑞瑞]

One more day to make the holiday great

One more day before we celebrate

[瑞瑞]

One day, and then it's here

[云宝黛茜、小蝶、瑞瑞]

One more chance to bring that holiday cheer

[萍琪派]

Hearth's Warming Eve is almost here

A day for us to share

[苹果杰克]

Friends and family all together

[萍琪派]

Pies and Apples and a Pear

[苹果杰克]

Together families, lots of work

There's so much to prepare

[萍琪派、苹果杰克]

With all the planning we still have to do

We've got no time to spare

[小马们]

One more day before the cheer

[萍琪派]

Stuff! Box! Wrap! Card! Bow! Repeat!

[小马们]

One last chance before the holiday's here

[萍琪派]

Stir! Pour! Bake! Again!

[萍琪派、苹果杰克]

One more day to make the holiday bright

[Wensley]

One more day, and I can sleep at night

[苹果杰克]

The family's almost here

[小马们]

One more chance to bring that holiday cheer

Before the fun, there's preparation

(Just around the corner)

Shopping, cooking, decoration

(The complications)

It's all worth it in the end

Spreading joy to all your friends

Even when it never, ever

Ever seems to end

Aah!

[斯派克]

Hearth's Warming Eve is getting close

We're not prepared, I fear

Twilight, you should take a break

[暮光闪闪]

No time for rest, that much is clear

I made a list and checked it twice

There's lots to do on here

Oh, if I can't get everything done

I'll have to wait and celebrate next year

[小马们]

One more day before the cheer

Shop! Pay! Box! Wrap! Bow! Repeat!

One last chance before the holiday's here

Box! Wrap! Bow! Again!

One more day to make the holiday great

One more day until we celebrate

[可爱标记童子军]

Please, oh, please make it really, really great!

[Parcel Post]

One more gift, try to hurry, don't be late!

[雏菊、蔷薇、Lily]

Box! Wrap! Bow! Repeat! Gotta concentrate!

[全体]

Just one more day until we all celebrate!

我的小马驹：友谊就是魔法 — 歌曲

友谊就是魔法

第一季Laughter Song • Pinkie's Gala Fantasy Song • The Ticket Song • Hop Skip and Jump song • Evil Enchantress song • Winter Wrap Up • Cupcake Song • Art of the Dress • Hush Now Lullaby • Cutie Mark Crusaders Song • You Got to Share, You Got to Care • So Many Wonders • Pinkie Pie's Singing Telegram • At the Gala • I'm at the Grand Galloping Gala • Pony Pokey

第二季Find A Pet Song • Becoming Popular (The Pony Everypony Should Know) • The Heart Carol • Happy Monthiversary • Piggy Dance • The Flim Flam Brothers • The Perfect Stallion • Smile Song • Cranky Doodle Donkey • Welcome Song • Cranky Doodle Joy • B.B.B.F.F. • This Day Aria, Part 1 • This Day Aria, Part 2 • Love Is In Bloom

第三季The Failure Song • The Ballad of the Crystal Empire • The Success Song • Babs Seed • Raise This Barn • Morning in Ponyville • What My Cutie Mark Is Telling Me • I've Got to Find a Way • A True, True Friend • Celestia's Ballad • Behold, Princess Twilight Sparkle • Life in Equestria

第四季Hearts Strong as Horses • Bats • Generosity • Apples to the Core • Glass of Water • Pinkie the Party Planner • The Super Duper Party Pony • Pinkie's Lament • The Goof Off • Cheese Confesses • Make a Wish • Music in the Treetops • Find the Music in You • Flim Flam Miracle Curative Tonic • The rappin' Hist'ry of the Wonderbolts • You'll Play Your Part • Let the Rainbow Remind You

第五季In Our Town • Make This Castle A Home • I'll Fly • Rules of Rarity • Sisterhood • We'll Make Our Mark（序曲） • The Vote • The Pony I Want to Be • Light of Your Cutie Mark • The Pony I Want to Be（重复） • We'll Make Our Mark • Equestria, the Land I Love • The Spectacle • The Magic Inside • Equestria, the Land I Love（重复） • Friends Are Always There For You

第六季Out On My Own • Hearth's Warming Eve Is Here Once Again • Say Goodbye to the Holiday • The Seeds of the Past (part 1 & 2) • Pinkie's Present • Luna's Future • Hearth's Warming Eve Is Here Once Again（重复） • Can I Do It On My Own • It's Gonna Work • Derby Racers • A Changeling Can Change • Find the Purpose in Your Life

第七季Best Friends Until the End of Time • Battle for Sugar Belle • You're In My Head Like a Catchy Song • Flawless • Blank Flanks Forever

第八季School of Friendship • Friendship Always Wins •  Your Heart Is in Two Places • Friendship U • We're Friendship Bound • A Kirin Tale • Just Can't Be a Dragon Here

最棒的礼物One More Day • The True Gift of Gifting

第九季The Place Where We Belong • Fit Right In • Better Way to Be Bad • Lotta Little Things • The Last Laugh • Being Big is All It Takes • The Magic of Friendship Grows

彩虹之旅Rainbow Roadtrip • The End of the Rainbow • Living in Color

小马国女孩

小马国女孩This Strange World • Equestria Girls • Time to Come Together • This is Our Big Night • A Friend for Life • My Little Pony Friends（删节）

彩虹摇滚让尾巴摇摆 • 快乐的完美一天 • Rainbow Rocks • Better Than Ever • Battle • Bad Counter Spell • Under Our Spell • Tricks Up My Sleeve • Awesome As I Wanna Be • Welcome to the Show • Rainbooms Battle • Shine Like Rainbows • Life is a Runway • 抛开过去 • Friendship Through the Ages

友谊大赛Friendship Games • CHS Rally Song • What More Is Out There? • ACADECA •  Unleash the Magic • Right There in Front of Me

无尽之森传奇The Legend of Everfree • The Midnight in Me • Embrace the Magic • We Will Stand For Everfree • Legend You Were Meant To Be • Hope Shines Eternal

特别篇热舞魔法 • We've Come So Far • Invisible • Photo Booth • All Good • True Original

动画短片快乐的完美一天 • 人生是场T台秀 • 抛开过去 • 友谊永存 • 科学怪暮 • 周一的阴郁 • 摇上一摇 • 演出疾驰不息 • 世界真小 • 善良共鸣 • Rise Up! • Room to Grow • 朝五晚九 • 另外一面 • 灵感彼岸 • 游艇逍遥 • 尽情奔跑 • 寻觅魔力 • 任雨狂 • 增添力量

我的小马驹大电影

We Got the Beat • We Got This Together • I'm the Friend You Need • Time to Be Awesome • One Small Thing • Open Up Your Eyes • Rainbow • Off To See The World

其他

书籍中的歌曲Laugh, Ponyacci, Laugh • Hearth's Warming Peeve • The Flim Flam Peelcore 8000 • It's the Pop • Rhythm of Our Names • Cold Hooves, Warm Hearts • Windy the Windigo • Talk to Your Friends

专辑歌曲True True Friend Winter Wrap-Up • It's a Pony Kind of Christmas • Jingle Bells • Deck the Halls • We Wish You a Merry Christmas • Silent Night • Twelve Days of Christmas • Last Year I Got Coal for Christmas • Jolly Ol' St. Nick • Days Gone By (Auld Lang Syne) • Thank You for Being a Friend • Can You Feel It • I'll Chase the Sky • No Better Feelin' • I'll Be Around • Neighsayer • Equestria

其他我的小马驹主题曲 • Equestria Girls（商业广告） • The Fresh Princess of Friendship • Happy Birthday to You! • Equestria Girls Forever • Saved by My Friends • 小马日常主题曲 • We Shine Brighter Together • Wild Heart Beats

专辑与单曲

Songs of Friendship and Magic • Songs of Ponyville • Rainbow Rocks - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack • Magical Friendship Tour • Equestria Girls - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack • Rainbow Rocks CD • Equestria Girls CD • Songs of Harmony • Friendship is Magic Remixed • 2015 Convention Collection • Friendship Games - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack • It's a Pony Kind of Christmas • Friendship is Magic Collection • Equestria Girls Collection • Pinkie Pie's Party Playlist • Legend of Everfree - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack • Explore Equestria: Greatest Hits • My Little Pony: The Movie (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) • My Little Pony: The Movie (Original Motion Picture Score) • DJ Pon-3 Presents: The Remixes Vol. 2 • DJ Pon-3 Presents: Halloween • Friendship is Magic: The Instrumentals • Equestria Girls: The Instrumentals • DJ Pon-3 Presents: The Remixes Vol.3 • DJ Pon-3 Presents: The Remixes Vol. 4

英文原文：One More Day