# Pinkie the Party Planner

Pinkie the Party Planner

剧集
派对争锋
角色
萍琪派
蛋糕先生与蛋糕夫人
珠玉冠冠
众马
演唱
珊农·陈-肯特
布瑞恩·德拉蒙德
塔比莎·杰曼
钱塔尔·斯特兰
合唱团
制作
埃米特·霍尔（分镜）[1]
音乐
丹尼尔·英格拉姆
斯特凡·安德鲁（管弦乐）
歌词
艾米·基廷·罗杰斯
丹尼尔·英格拉姆
调号
D大调、E大调
长度
1:57
季
第四季
剧集对白
派对争锋
BMI Work ID
17949330

《Pinkie the Party Planner》是《我的小马驹：友谊就是魔法》第四季的第六首歌曲，出现在第十二集“派对争锋”。这是首次蛋糕夫妇和珠玉冠冠担任演唱角色。这首歌中，萍琪派在为云宝黛茜的生日纪念日筹集物资途中，和小马镇几位镇民高歌了首席派对策划师萍琪的重要贡献。

这首歌作为DVD《My Little Pony Friendship is Magic: Season Four Disc 4》中的一首跟唱歌曲发行。

这首歌的伴奏版本被使用在孩之宝在线游戏“Key Crusaders”的主菜单中。

2015年4月13日，英格拉姆发言称，这首歌“总会在单独专辑中发行。（据我所知）”[2]这是唯一一首没有收录于专辑《Pinkie Pie's Party Playlist》的“派对争锋”歌曲——除收录于专辑《Songs of Ponyville》中的《Make a Wish》。

发展

艾米·基廷·罗杰斯基于迪士尼1991年电影《美女与野兽》的歌曲《Belle》，创作了这首歌曲。[3]

歌词

  

[萍琪派]

Every single day there's something new you can plan for

Every single day there's something wonderful to do

But nothing makes me happy like a day that I can say

"Today I planned a party, and it's just for you!"

小贩: How's it going today, Pinkie?

萍琪派: Great, thanks! Got any streamers today?

小贩: [chuckles] You betcha! Big party planned?

萍琪派: Don't you know it!

[萍琪派]

Don't have much time to gather all the things I need

If I'm really gonna make this party fly

For today's another day that all of Ponyville will say

[众马]

There goes the super party pony Pinkie Pie!

[蛋糕夫妇]

She planned our first foal shower where we played all sorts of games

Having so much fun as we chose Pound and Pumpkin's names

[珠玉冠冠]

She planned my cute-ceañera my dad made me, I won't lie

I demanded all the best, I suppose she passed the test

Sure it was pretty good all thanks to Pinkie Pie

萍琪派: Thanks, I guess?

Art Vendor: What color paints do you need?

萍琪派: I'm gonna need the full rainbow!

Art Vendor: A paintbrush too?

萍琪派: Yes, if you please!

Peachy Pitt: And what from me?

萍琪派: Your biggest banner! This party's gonna be the best!

Peachy Pitt: Haha I don't doubt it!

[众马]

Every single day there's something new we can plan for

Every single day there's something wonderful to try

But nothing makes us happy like a day that we can say

"Today there'll be a party planned by Pinkie Pie!"

瑞瑞: I don't know how she does it.

暮光闪闪: Wow, look at her go!

苹果杰克: Oh, boy! This is gonna be good!

小蝶: Go, Pinkie, go!

[众马]

There's no other pony like her, no pony that could be

As great! (As great!) As fun! (As fun!)

As our super party pony Pinkie!

参考

↑ Jim Miller (2014-01-31). ...boarded by @IAmEmmettHall! .... Twitter. 于2014年7月16日检索.

↑ Daniel Ingram (2015-04-13). Hey gang! I'm happy to announce... - Daniel Ingram - Composer/Songwriter. Facebook. 于2015年4月13日检索.

↑ Amy Keating Rogers (2014-02-01). "When I wrote the lyrics for...". Twitter. 于2014年2月1日检索.

我的小马驹：友谊就是魔法 — 歌曲

友谊就是魔法

第一季Laughter Song • Pinkie's Gala Fantasy Song • The Ticket Song • Hop Skip and Jump song • Evil Enchantress song • Winter Wrap Up • Cupcake Song • Art of the Dress • Hush Now Lullaby • Cutie Mark Crusaders Song • You Got to Share, You Got to Care • So Many Wonders • Pinkie Pie's Singing Telegram • At the Gala • I'm at the Grand Galloping Gala • Pony Pokey

第二季Find A Pet Song • Becoming Popular (The Pony Everypony Should Know) • The Heart Carol • Happy Monthiversary • Piggy Dance • The Flim Flam Brothers • The Perfect Stallion • Smile Song • Cranky Doodle Donkey • Welcome Song • Cranky Doodle Joy • B.B.B.F.F. • This Day Aria, Part 1 • This Day Aria, Part 2 • Love Is In Bloom

第三季The Failure Song • The Ballad of the Crystal Empire • The Success Song • Babs Seed • Raise This Barn • Morning in Ponyville • What My Cutie Mark Is Telling Me • I've Got to Find a Way • A True, True Friend • Celestia's Ballad • Behold, Princess Twilight Sparkle • Life in Equestria

第四季Hearts Strong as Horses • Bats • Generosity • Apples to the Core • Glass of Water • Pinkie the Party Planner • The Super Duper Party Pony • Pinkie's Lament • The Goof Off • Cheese Confesses • Make a Wish • Music in the Treetops • Find the Music in You • Flim Flam Miracle Curative Tonic • The rappin' Hist'ry of the Wonderbolts • You'll Play Your Part • Let the Rainbow Remind You

第五季In Our Town • Make This Castle A Home • I'll Fly • Rules of Rarity • Sisterhood • We'll Make Our Mark（序曲） • The Vote • The Pony I Want to Be • Light of Your Cutie Mark • The Pony I Want to Be（重复） • We'll Make Our Mark • Equestria, the Land I Love • The Spectacle • The Magic Inside • Equestria, the Land I Love（重复） • Friends Are Always There For You

第六季Out On My Own • Hearth's Warming Eve Is Here Once Again • Say Goodbye to the Holiday • The Seeds of the Past (part 1 & 2) • Pinkie's Present • Luna's Future • Hearth's Warming Eve Is Here Once Again（重复） • Can I Do It On My Own • It's Gonna Work • Derby Racers • A Changeling Can Change • Find the Purpose in Your Life

第七季Best Friends Until the End of Time • Battle for Sugar Belle • You're In My Head Like a Catchy Song • Flawless • Blank Flanks Forever

第八季School of Friendship • Friendship Always Wins •  Your Heart Is in Two Places • Friendship U • We're Friendship Bound • A Kirin Tale • Just Can't Be a Dragon Here

最棒的礼物One More Day • The True Gift of Gifting

第九季The Place Where We Belong • Fit Right In • Better Way to Be Bad • Lotta Little Things • The Last Laugh • Being Big is All It Takes • The Magic of Friendship Grows

彩虹之旅Rainbow Roadtrip • The End of the Rainbow • Living in Color

小马国女孩

小马国女孩This Strange World • Equestria Girls • Time to Come Together • This is Our Big Night • A Friend for Life • My Little Pony Friends（删节）

彩虹摇滚让尾巴摇摆 • 快乐的完美一天 • Rainbow Rocks • Better Than Ever • Battle • Bad Counter Spell • Under Our Spell • Tricks Up My Sleeve • Awesome As I Wanna Be • Welcome to the Show • Rainbooms Battle • Shine Like Rainbows • Life is a Runway • 抛开过去 • Friendship Through the Ages

友谊大赛Friendship Games • CHS Rally Song • What More Is Out There? • ACADECA •  Unleash the Magic • Right There in Front of Me

无尽之森传奇The Legend of Everfree • The Midnight in Me • Embrace the Magic • We Will Stand For Everfree • Legend You Were Meant To Be • Hope Shines Eternal

特别篇热舞魔法 • We've Come So Far • Invisible • Photo Booth • All Good • True Original

动画短片快乐的完美一天 • 人生是场T台秀 • 抛开过去 • 友谊永存 • 科学怪暮 • 周一的阴郁 • 摇上一摇 • 演出疾驰不息 • 世界真小 • 善良共鸣 • Rise Up! • Room to Grow • 朝五晚九 • 另外一面 • 灵感彼岸 • 游艇逍遥 • 尽情奔跑 • 寻觅魔力 • 任雨狂 • 增添力量

我的小马驹大电影

We Got the Beat • We Got This Together • I'm the Friend You Need • Time to Be Awesome • One Small Thing • Open Up Your Eyes • Rainbow • Off To See The World

其他

书籍中的歌曲Laugh, Ponyacci, Laugh • Hearth's Warming Peeve • The Flim Flam Peelcore 8000 • It's the Pop • Rhythm of Our Names • Cold Hooves, Warm Hearts • Windy the Windigo • Talk to Your Friends

专辑歌曲True True Friend Winter Wrap-Up • It's a Pony Kind of Christmas • Jingle Bells • Deck the Halls • We Wish You a Merry Christmas • Silent Night • Twelve Days of Christmas • Last Year I Got Coal for Christmas • Jolly Ol' St. Nick • Days Gone By (Auld Lang Syne) • Thank You for Being a Friend • Can You Feel It • I'll Chase the Sky • No Better Feelin' • I'll Be Around • Neighsayer • Equestria

其他我的小马驹主题曲 • Equestria Girls（商业广告） • The Fresh Princess of Friendship • Happy Birthday to You! • Equestria Girls Forever • Saved by My Friends • 小马日常主题曲 • We Shine Brighter Together • Wild Heart Beats

专辑与单曲

Songs of Friendship and Magic • Songs of Ponyville • Rainbow Rocks - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack • Magical Friendship Tour • Equestria Girls - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack • Rainbow Rocks CD • Equestria Girls CD • Songs of Harmony • Friendship is Magic Remixed • 2015 Convention Collection • Friendship Games - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack • It's a Pony Kind of Christmas • Friendship is Magic Collection • Equestria Girls Collection • Pinkie Pie's Party Playlist • Legend of Everfree - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack • Explore Equestria: Greatest Hits • My Little Pony: The Movie (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) • My Little Pony: The Movie (Original Motion Picture Score) • DJ Pon-3 Presents: The Remixes Vol. 2 • DJ Pon-3 Presents: Halloween • Friendship is Magic: The Instrumentals • Equestria Girls: The Instrumentals • DJ Pon-3 Presents: The Remixes Vol.3 • DJ Pon-3 Presents: The Remixes Vol. 4

英文原文：Pinkie the Party Planner