# Sonic Rainboom/Gallery

剧集图集
上一集
萍琪超感
剧集
彩虹音爆
下一集
瞪眼大师

剧集对白

小蝶的加油训练

		

			
			

“现在，咱们学到了什么？”

			
		
		

			
			

“控制情绪”

			
		
		

			
			

“高声呼喊”

			
		
		

			
			

“激情”

			
		
		

			
			

云宝和小蝶复习了一下怎样才算一个好加油

			
		
		

			
			

“现在你知道了怎样才算好的加油……

			
		
		

			
			

……让我们来听听”

			
		
		

			
			

“耶。”

			
		
		

			
			

捂脸
			
		
		

			
			

“你就打算这样为我加油？大声点！”

			
		
		

			
			

耶。

			
		
		

			
			

大声点！

			
		
		

			
			

耶。

			
		
		

			
			

大！声！点！！！！

			
		
		

			
			

小蝶准备深吸一口气。

			
		
		

			
			

小蝶为做出一个好加油深吸一口气。

			
		
		

			
			

耶~

			
		
		

			
			

呃……

			
		
		

			
			

“太大声了？”

			
		

失败音爆

		

			
			

云宝黛茜在云上立着。

			
		
		

			
			

小蝶在下面看。

			
		
		

			
			

“耶。”

			
		
		

			
			

准备起飞！

			
		
		

			
			
			
		
		

			
			

多云的天空。

			
		
		

			
			

她准备做动作了。

			
		
		

			
			

云宝开始加速。

			
		
		

			
			

正在加速。

			
		
		

			
			

她快到身后拖了条彩虹尾迹。

			
		
		

			
			

云宝黛茜令花朵摇摆。

			
		
		

			
			

在第二阶段加速的云宝黛茜。

			
		
		

			
			

在树木间疾驰的云宝黛茜。

			
		
		

			
			

云宝高速飞过小蝶。

			
		
		

			
			

云宝令云朵旋转。

			
		
		

			
			

斜眼小蝶。

			
		
		

			
			

加油！ :)

			
		
		

			
			

轮到第三阶段了，彩虹音爆！

			
		
		

			
			

云宝尝试加速。

			
		
		

			
			

她知道这不会有好结果。

			
		
		

			
			

如果她想要加速做出彩虹音爆，为啥不扇翅膀？

			
		
		

			
			

加油！

			
		
		

			
			

啊哦……

			
		
		

			
			

云宝拉长。

			
		
		

			
			

哦，天哪。

			
		

加油的问题/瑞瑞的解决方案

		

			
			

“最后一本。”

			
		
		

			
			

“谢谢你们帮我整理这些书。”

			
		
		

			
			

该病仍然在扩散……

			
		
		

			
			

那是什么？

			
		
		

			
			

云宝黛茜正在接近！

			
		
		

			
			

面前的云消散开去，露出云宝黛茜。

			
		
		

			
			

失败音爆的后果。

			
		
		

			
			

窗沿上的小蝶。

			
		
		

			
			

呜呼。

			
		
		

			
			

“这是我加油的功劳？？”

			
		
		

			
			

“事实上，也不全坏，我尤其喜欢你让云转起来那段。”

			
		
		

			
			

云宝黛茜指责小蝶的糟糕加油表现。

			
		
		

			
			

姑娘们，出什么事了？

			
		
		

			
			

萍琪派解释飞行新秀比赛。

			
		
		

			
			

“有些速度快！”

			
		
		

			
			

“有些很优雅……”

			
		
		

			
			

“喔啊……”

			
		
		

			
			

“噢，我很愿意看你表演彩虹音爆。”

			
		
		

			
			

抱歉，啥？

			
		
		

			
			

“什么是彩虹音爆？”

			
		
		

			
			

暮光问什么是彩虹音爆，而萍琪告诉她，“你真应该多出去走走”。

			
		
		

			
			

“彩虹音爆就像传说，当一只像云宝一样的天马飞得太快时……”

			
		
		

			
			

快活的萍琪派从一跃而下！

			
		
		

			
			

“轰！音爆和彩虹将同时出现！”

			
		
		

			Pinkie Pie excitedly rears when describing a sonic rainboom S1E16.png
			

快活至极的萍琪派。

			
		
		

			
			

“而云宝黛茜是这里唯一成功完成彩虹音爆的小马。”

			
		
		

			Rainbow Dash looking confident S1E16.png
			

"It was a long time ago. I was just a filly."

			
		
		

			Pinkie Pie "you're gonna do it again" S1E16.png
			

"Yeah, but you're gonna do it again, right?"

			
		
		

			Rainbow Dash hesitates S1E16.png
			

Rainbow Dash is uncertain when Pinkie asks her that.

			
		
		

			Rainbow Dash "Are... you kidding?" S1E16.png
			

"A-are you kidding? I'm the greatest flyer to ever come out of Cloudsdale! I could do sonic rainbooms in my sleep!"

			
		
		

			Rainbow Dash describing the grand prize S1E16.png
			

"The grand prize is an entire day with The Wonderbolts. A whole day of flying with my life-long heroes... It'll be a dream come true!"

			
		
		

			Fluttershy says another yay S01E16.png
			

"Yay!"

			
		
		

			Rainbow Dash to friends "I'm gonna go rest up" S1E16.png
			

"I'm gonna go rest up. Don't want to over-prepare myself, you know."

			
		
		

			Rainbow Dash and Fluttershy S01E16.png
			

"You, on the other hand..."

			
		
		

			Rainbow tells Fluttershy to improve her cheering S1E16.png
			

"...better keep practicing!"

			
		
		

			Rainbow Dash is confident about her spectacular performance S01E16.png
			

I need a cheering section to match my spectacular performance!

			
		
		

			Rainbow Dash leaves S01E16.png
			

There goes Dash

			
		
		

			Fluttershy Hearth shape S1E16.png
			

Fluttershy is unsure, if she could scream loud enough to help Dash.

			
		
		

			Fluttershy leaves S01E16.png
			

There goes Fluttershy

			
		
		

			Applejack thinks Rainbow Dash is confident S1E16.png
			

"She was tootin' her own horn louder then the brass section of a marching band!"

			
		
		

			
			

Seems like,Applejack still doubts Pinkie.

			
		
		

			Rarity bumps Twilight with her butt S01E16.png
			

Bump! Rarity shoves Twilight with her butt to find a solution to the flight-less ponies' problem in reaching Cloudsdale. Rarity really wants to help Rainbow Dash.

			
		
		

			Magic surrounding Rarity S1E16.png
			

Twilight casting a very difficult spell on Rarity to give her wings

			
		
		

			Twilight transforming Rarity S1E16.png
			

During the transformation- before everything goes black.

			
		
		

			Rarity with wings S1E16.png
			

During the transformation...

			
		
		

			I think it worked S1E16.png
			

Aren't they beautiful?

			
		

In Cloudsdale

		

			Lyra Heartwings S01E16.png
			

The amazing city in the sky, Cloudsdale.

			
		
		

			
			

The pegasi cloud city.

			
		
		

			Derpy flying around in Cloudsdale S1E16.png
			

I just don't know what'll go wrong

			
		
		

			Dumb-Bell taunts Rainbow Dash S01E16.png
			

Rainbow Dash tries to ignore her old enemies

			
		
		

			
			

"Ask her about the sonic rainboom!"

			
		
		

			Fluttershy being assertive S01E16.png
			

Now wait just a minute

			
		
		

			Fluttershy not assertive S1E16.png
			

Sorry...I'm trying to be more assertive...

			
		
		

			Fluttershy defending Rainbow Dash S1E16.png
			

Anyway she is going to do a sonic rainboom

			
		
		

			Rainbow Dash doubtfully listens to Fluttershy's ineffective consolation S1E16.png
			

Rainbow Dash doubtfully listens to Fluttershy's ineffective consolation.

			
		
		

			Rainbow Dash feeling the pressure S1E16.png
			

Feeling pressure.

			
		
		

			Rainbow Dash trying to cope with the pressure S1E16.png
			

Pressure rising.

			
		
		

			Rainbow Dash freaks out S1E16.png
			

Pressure overload.

			
		
		

			Rainbow cracks under pressure S01E16.png
			

Dashie being cute.

			
		
		

			Rainbow Dash - My life is RUINED! S01E16.png
			

MY LIFE IS RUINED!

			
		

The non-Pegasi arrive

		

			Fluttershy Rar... S1E16.png
			

Fluttershy is always quiet, but now she's speechless!

			
		
		

			
			

Aren't my wings smashing?

			
		
		

			Fluttershy and Rainbow Dash gaping at Rarity's new wings S1E16.png
			

Rainbow and Fluttershy are amazed by Rarity's wings.

			
		
		

			Fluttershy supportive S1E16.png
			

It's incredible.

			
		
		

			Pinkie walks on clouds for the first time S1E16.png
			

Pinkie smiling like always.

			
		
		

			
			

Only Pegasus ponies can walk on clouds...

			
		
		

			Pinkie Pie cartwheeling on clouds S1E16.png
			

Cart-wheeling on a cloud, looks like fun.

			
		
		

			
			

See? We can walk in Cloudsdale...

			
		
		

			
			
			
		
		

			Fluttershy in Cloudsdale S1E16.png
			

Fluttershy, happily walking on clouds.

			
		
		

			Rarity admirers her wings S1E16.png
			

Rarity admiring her new wings

			
		
		

			Fluttershy following Rainbow Dash S1E16.png
			

Following Rainbow Dash.

			
		
		

			
			

Applejack following Twilight.

			
		
		

			Cloudsdale boutique S1E16.png
			

The front of a boutique in Cloudsdale.

			
		
		

			
			

The Pegasus workers stop to admire Rarity.

			
		

Touring Cloudsdale

		

			
			

This is secretly Rainbow Factory.

			
		
		

			
			

Why snowflakes are all so special

			
		
		

			Snowflakes in a bowl S1E16.png
			

The group watch as the snowflakes are being made.

			
		
		

			
			
			
		
		

			Catching Snowflakes S01E16.png
			
			
		
		

			Warm Front, Merry May, and Noteworthy with rainbow mixers S1E16.png
			
			
		
		

			
			
			
		
		

			Rainbow pools S1E16.png
			

Rainbow pools in Cloudsdale.

			
		
		

			Pinkie Pie licks the rainbow S1E16.png
			

Pinkie dips her hoof into a pool and tastes it.

			
		
		

			Pinkie Pie's face before she tastes the spiciness S1E16.png
			

Tasting.

			
		
		

			Pinkie Pie's reaction 1 S1E16.png
			

Pinkie starts to get the feeling tasting the rainbow wasn't such a good idea after all.

			
		
		

			Pinkie Pie with blue face S1E16.png
			

What happened, Pinkie? I thought you liked spicy stuff.

			
		
		

			Pinkie Pie with a green face S1E16.png
			

Wishing somepony else is green with envy!

			
		
		

			Pinkie Pie momentarily belches fire S1E16.png
			

Pinkie discovers why it's a bad idea to taste the rainbow.

			
		
		

			Pinkie Pie with yellow face S1E16.png
			

Pinkie's face turns the colors of the rainbow!

			
		
		

			Pinkie Pie with yellow face 2 S1E16.png
			

What, is Pinkie Pie channeling Robin Williams?

			
		
		

			Pinkie Pie with yellow face after tasting rainbow S1E16.png
			

That´s stuff from my nightmares.

			
		
		

			Pinkie Pie spiceeh S1E16.png
			

The rainbow must be supernova spicy because Pinkie is the same pony who eats her cupcakes with hot sauce.

			
		
		

			The bullies admiring Rarity S1E16.png
			

Rarity's wings just seem to impress everyone.

			
		
		

			Rarity "Oh, they were just admiring my wings" S1E16.png
			

"Oh, they were just admiring my wings, Rainbow Dash."

			
		
		

			Rarity enjoying the attention from the bullies S1E16.png
			

Basking in her own glory.

			
		
		

			Rainbow Dash looks sad after Dumb-bell, Hoops, and Score laugh at her in the rainbow room S1E16.png
			

Fluttershy tactfully suggests that they go and see the cloud manufacturing process.

			
		
		

			Ponies in Cloudsdale S1E16.png
			

The ponies being lead through the Weather Factory.

			
		
		

			
			

So that is how clouds are made!

			
		
		

			
			

All eyes are on Rarity.

			
		
		

			Rarity shows off resplendent wings in the factory S1E16.png
			

"Oh, how can you ask me to put away perfection?"

			
		
		

			Rarity shining down on ponies S1E16.png
			

"Whoa!"

			
		
		

			Rarity in front of the sun at the weather factory S01E16.png
			

"Wa-ha-ha!"

			
		
		

			
			

That laugh, it's going to haunt me forever

			
		
		

			
			
			
		
		

			Rainbow Dash surprised S1E16.png
			

What? Rarity is joining the competition?

			
		
		

			Rainbow Dash looks amazed S1E16.png
			

Rarity? Wha-why?

			
		

The Best Young Flyers' competition

		

			
			

The floating cloud colosseum where the Best Young Flyers competition is held.

			
		
		

			Dr. Hooves pegasus variant S1E16.png
			

Looks like Dr. Hooves regenerated again...

			
		
		

			Rarity still prepping S1E16.png
			

Hold on, I'm going to be a while!

			
		
		

			
			

Pinkie Pie...What is that?

			
		
		

			Celestia waves to the crowd S1E16.png
			

Wave to your subjects

			
		
		

			
			

THE WONDERBOLTS!

			
		
		

			The Wonderbolts S01E16.png
			

The Wonderbolts!

			
		
		

			The Wonderbolts Fireworks S01E16.png
			

Wonderbolts firework.

			
		
		

			The Wonderbolts' fireworks S1E16.png
			

Make an amazing entrance.

			
		
		

			The Wonderbolts Spectating S01E16.png
			

Spitfire and the other two Wonderbolts.

			
		
		

			Rainbow Dash true joy smile S01E16.png
			

Nervous as she is, The Wonderbolts' performance always places a smile on her face.

			
		
		

			Dr. Hooves chewing hay S1E16.png
			

Gasp* I'm next!
			
		
		

			Rainbow Dash watching Dr. Hooves run off S1E16.png
			

Aww yeah!

			
		
		

			Pegasus Caramel flexing muscles S1E16.png
			

Caramel? What are you doing here?

			
		
		

			Rarity is number four and she's still prepping S1E16.png
			

"I'm number four, and I need just one more itsy-bitsy minute. Be a dear and have somepony go ahead of me, hmm?"

			
		
		

			Rainbow Dash about to pull off Derpy's sticker S1E16.png
			

But, I still have to go on!

			
		
		

			Derpy with number 15 sticker S1E16.png
			

Derpy the Proud

			
		
		

			Applejack wondering where Rainbow Dash is S1E16.png
			

"Hmm.. Wonder how come we haven't seen Rainbow Dash or Rarity yet? The competition's almost over."

			
		
		

			Rainbow Dash very scared S1E16.png
			

"The Horror... The Horror..."

			
		
		

			Superscared Rainbow Dash curled up on the floor S1E16.png
			

Rainbow Dash is now just frozen with fear.

			
		
		

			Rarity emerging from dressing room S1E16.png
			

Shroud of mystery.

			
		
		

			Rarity is ready S1E16.png
			

"Rarity... is ready."

			
		
		

			Rainbow Dash flustered when she finds out she and Rarity have to perform together S1E16.png
			

Don't look at the costume, you'll go blind if you look at the costume

			
		
		

			Rainbow Dash finally comes out S1E16.png
			

A nervous Rainbow Dash comes out.

			
		
		

			Friends cheering when Rainbow Dash and Rarity come out S1E16.png
			

That's a HUMAN hand!! WHERE DID SHE GET THAT!?

			
		
		

			Rarity tells Rainbow Dash she changed the music S1E16.png
			

"I hope you don't mind, but I took the liberty of changing our music."

			
		
		

			Rainbow Dash worried S1E16.png
			

"That "rock and roll" doesn't really match my wings."

			
		
		

			Rainbow Dash petrified S1E16.png
			

Is she serious? I'm nervous!

			
		
		

			Sky S1E16.png
			

Today's weather calls for, lovely blue skies with a couple clouds.

			
		
		

			Rainbow knocks into Phase One cloud S1E16.png
			

The nerves get her in the first stage of her performance...

			
		
		

			Rainbow Dash crashes head-on into wall S1E16.png
			

Ouch.

			
		
		

			Fluttershy "Look, phase 2 is working!" S1E16.png
			

"Look! Phase 2 is working!"

			
		
		

			Phase 2 stray cloud hits Rainbow Dash S1E16.png
			

...and in the second stage as well...

			
		
		

			Rainbow Dash sees that her cloud almost hit Celestia S1E16.png
			

Oh boy, that almost hit Princess Celestia.

			
		
		

			Rarity dances during Rainbow Dash's second phase S1E16.png
			

...while Rarity gets it spot on

			
		
		

			Rarity looks at camera S1E16.png
			

Readying herself for the last part where she will fly up to the sun.

			
		
		

			Rainbow Dash bracing herself for phase 3 S1E16.png
			

Come on Rainbow, you can do this!

			
		
		

			Rarity and Rainbow Dash flying into the sky S1E16.png
			

Flight of the two elements.

			
		
		

			Dash Flying Up S1E16.png
			

Dashie! Dashie! Basara! Basara!

			
		
		

			Rarity sweating S1E16.png
			

Pinkie's tail should be twitching about now.

			
		
		

			Rarity "Look upon me, Equestria, for I am Rarity!" S1E16.png
			

"I. Am. Rarity!" (she certainly is)

			
		
		

			Rarity beams over Cloudosseum S1E16.png
			

Rarity finishes on a high...

			
		
		

			Merry May, Rainbowshine and Derpy enjoying the sight S1E16.png
			

Fellow ponies enjoy Rarity's wings of sunlight

			
		

Rarity's plunge

		

			Rarity on fire! S01E16.png
			

Wing of Fire.

			
		
		

			Rarity momentarily unaware of destroyed wings S1E16.png
			

What?

			
		
		

			Rarity realizes her wings are gone S1E16.png
			

"Uh-oh."

			
		
		

			Rarity falling S01E16.png
			

Now I know how Icarus felt.

			
		
		

			Rarity flails her arms as she freefalls S1E16.png
			

Ah! Help me!

			
		
		

			The Wonderbolts ready to rescue S01E16.png
			

The Wonderbolts

			
		
		

			
			

Dashing after a falling Rarity.

			
		
		

			Rarity screaming as Wonderbolts hurtle towards her S1E16.png
			

Weirdest falling expression?

			
		
		

			Wonderbolts nearing Rarity during rescue S1E16.png
			

The Wonderbolts to the rescue!

			
		
		

			
			

SOCK!

			
		
		

			Soarin' trying to rescue Rarity S01E16.png
			

Soarin diving to save Rarity.

			
		
		

			Soarin is hit S1E16.png
			

POW!

			
		
		

			
			

K.O!

			
		
		

			Wonderbolts need to be rescued S1E16.png
			

Great, four rescue situations for the price of one.

			
		

Sonic Rainboom!

		

			Rainbow Dash sees Rarity falling S1E16.png
			

Rainbow Dash hears Rarity scream.

			
		
		

			Rainbow about to save Rarity S1E16.png
			

Forget the show, I need to save my friend!

			
		
		

			Rainbow flying past the audience S1E16.png
			

Dashing down to save Rarity.

			
		
		

			Rainbow flies down to save Rarity S1E16.png
			

I'm coming!

			
		
		

			Fluttershy can't look S1E16.png
			

Fluttershy can't bear to watch her friend fall to her death far below.

			
		
		

			Rainbow Dash about to do Sonic Rainboom S1E16.png
			

Going at rapid speed.

			
		
		

			Falling Rarity gasps at Rainbow's increasing speed S1E16.png
			

Even Rarity is amazed.

			
		
		

			
			

Four of the Mane 6 watching the Sonic Rainboom.

			
		
		

			Rainbow is flying so fast that tears are coming out of her eyes S1E16.png
			

She's going so fast, she needs to close her eyes.

			
		
		

			
			

Rainbow Dash charging for the sonic rainboom

			
		
		

			
			

Rainbow Dash trying to catch up with the falling ponies.

			
		
		

			
			

About to perform the Sonic Rainboom!

			
		
		

			
			

She did it! A Sonic Rainboom!

			
		
		

			
			

So awesome!

			
		
		

			
			

A spectacular rainbow is performed.

			
		
		

			Colleseum illuminated by Sonic Rainboom S1E16.png
			

Turns out a sonic rainboom is even more colorful than what Rarity had in mind!

			
		
		

			Fluttershy jumping and screaming when Rainbow Dash succeeds S1E16.png
			

Fluttershy jumps up and down and screams, "SHE DID IT!"

			
		
		

			
			

Rainbow Dash to the rescue!

			
		
		

			
			

Hang on tight, Rarity! It's gonna be quite a ride!

			
		
		

			
			

Rainbow Dash saves Rarity and the Wonderbolts!

			
		
		

			
			

Rainbow Dash is the hero of the hour.

			
		
		

			Rainbow Dash "Woah!" S1E16.png
			

"Whoa!"

			
		
		

			
			

Cloudsdale gets illuminated by Rainbow Dash's rainbow.

			
		
		

			
			

Rainbow Dash, with Rarity and the Wonderbolts.

			
		
		

			
			

A hero's welcome.

			
		
		

			Cheering ponies S1E16.png
			

Fluttershy, Pinkie, and Twilight cheering for Rainbow.

			
		
		

			Rainbow crying tears of joy S1E16.png
			

Grateful for her victory.

			
		
		

			Tears in Dash's eyes S1E16.png
			

Rainbow Dash with tears in her eyes.

			
		
		

			Orange Swirl and Merry May carry Rarity S1E16.png
			

Rarity thanking Rainbow for saving her life. (How did you get up there, Lyra?)

			
		
		

			Rainbow Dash "Best day ever!" S1E16.png
			

"BEST! DAY! EVER!"

			
		
		

			
			

Rainbow Dash's beautiful rainbow over Cloudsdale.

			
		
		

			
			

Sonic Rainboom animated

			
		

Rarity's apology / Rainbow Dash meets the Wonderbolts

		

			Mane6 at a hot air balloon S1E16.png
			

Rarity apologizing to her friends.

			
		
		

			The Crew forgives Rarity S1E16.png
			

We still love you!

			
		
		

			Rainbow Dash forgives Rarity S01E16.png
			

"And I'm especially sorry that I was so thoughtless as to jump into the contest at the last minute after you had worked so hard to win it. Can you ever ever forgive me?"

			
		
		

			Rainbow Dash wishes she could have met the Wonderbolts when they were awake S1E16.png
			

Rainbow wishes she could have meet the Wonderbolts when they were awake.

			
		
		

			
			

Who´s that?

			
		
		

			The Wonderbolts show up S1E16.png
			

The Wonderbolts show up.

			
		
		

			Rainbow Dash's reaction to the Wonderbolts S01E16.png
			

Oh my gosh, oh my gosh, oh my gosh, oh my gooosh!

			
		
		

			Spitfire thanks Dash on behalf of Wonderbolts S1E16.png
			

The Wonderbolts thanking Rainbow Dash, much to her surprise.

			
		
		

			Rainbow Dash overwhelmed with joy S1E16.png
			

Dashie is very excited.

			
		
		

			Princess Celestia and guards S1E16.png
			

Princess Celestia arrives alongside her guards.

			
		
		

			Princess Celestia praises Rainbow Dash's performance S01E16.png
			

I'm so proud of you, Rainbow Dash.

			
		
		

			Sad Rarity.png
			

Rarity feels sorry for jumping into the competition at the last minute.

			
		
		

			Rarity apologizing to Princess Celestia S1E16.png
			

"Princess Celestia, I am sorry I ruined the competition. Rainbow Dash here really is the best flyer in Equestria."

			
		
		

			Princess Celestia congratulates Rainbow Dash S01E16.png
			

Celestia with the Mane six.

			
		
		

			Celestia crowns Rainbow Dash S1E16.png
			

I get the crown?!

			
		
		

			
			

The new best flyer in Equestria!

			
		
		

			Rainbow Dash receiving the award S1E16.png
			

The best thing about winning the Best Young Flyer competition isn't receiving an award from Princess Celestia, it's showing everypony online that I did.

			
		
		

			Pinkie Pie, Applejack, and Fluttershy carry victorious Rainbow Dash on their backs S1E16.png
			

Rainbow Dash winning the competition

			
		
		

			Princess Celestia asks if Twilight has learned about friendship S1E16.png
			

"Have you learned about friendship from this experience?" Twilight: "I did, Princess, but I think Rarity learned even more than me."

			
		
		

			Rarity tells Celestia what she learned S1E16.png
			

"I certainly did. I learned how important it is to keep your hooves on the ground, and be there for your friends."

			
		
		

			Rainbow Dash says "Best day ever!" again S1E16.png
			

Today is a day to remember!

			
		
		

			Bullies are talking to Rainbow S1E16.png
			

The bullies!

			
		
		

			Rainbow Dash forgiving the bullies S1E16.png
			

Her crown is 20% more awesome than Celestia's.

			
		
		

			Bullies want to hang out with Rainbow Dash S1E16.png
			

The two stallions who made fun of Rainbow Dash.

			
		
		

			
			

The bullies apologize to Rainbow Dash about before and want to hang out with her...

			
		
		

			Rainbow Dash flies off with Soarin and another Wonderbolt S1E16.png
			

...too bad she's got plans with the Wonderbolts!

			
		

Miscellaneous

		

			
			
			
		

英文原文：Sonic Rainboom/Gallery