# The Last Laugh (song)

对于这首歌曲所出现的剧集，参阅笑容不再。

The Last Laugh

剧集
笑容不再
角色
起司三明治
萍琪派
工厂小马
演唱
“怪人奥尔”扬科维奇
安德烈娅·利布曼
合唱团
制作
The Nashville Scoring Orchestra（音乐演奏）
音乐
丹尼尔·英格拉姆
歌词
迈克尔·P·福克斯
维尔·福克斯
调号
D大调、A大调、B小调、降D大调
长度
2:51
季
第九季
剧集对白
笑容不再

《The Last Laugh》是《我的小马驹：友谊是魔法》第九季的第五首歌曲，出现于第14集“笑容不再”。

制作

这首歌原本的样片由加布里埃尔·布朗录制。[1]

歌词

[起司三明治]

So you're saying it's a mix-up

Of the sounds that I just made

That coaxed the snicker from your throat

In a delicate cascade?

If I did it one more time

If I reproduced that feat

Mixed up some letters here and there

You'd "lelly-baugh" tout suite?

[ponies laughing]

[起司三明治]

Then that's all I need to do

That's who I need to be

I thought I needed laughter

But it has to come from me

Squirting flowers and knobby knees

Rubber chickens my expertise

If you want laughter, then stick with Cheese

[ponies laughing]

萍琪派: Yeah!

[起司三明治]

I suppose now I should amp things up

To get the thing I'm after

Move whole syll-AB-les around

And change em-PHA-sis to get laughter

Can't stop now, I'm on a roll

I've almost got it back

Bright folks like you aren't subject to

My play-on-words attack!

With something else, I'll have to play

To get me where I'm going

萍琪派: Whatcha gonna do?

[起司三明治]

[falsetto] Some Commedia dell'arte

To get the laughter flowing

And it's what I need to do

It's who I need to be

I thought I needed laughter

But it has to come from me

Follow right behind, if you please

Walk this way and I guarantee

If you want laughter, then stick with Cheese

Accordion solo!

萍琪派: Shred it, Cheese!

[accordion playing]

起司三明治: Whoo! [laughing and whooping]

And it's what I need to do

It's who I need to be

I thought I needed laughter

But it has to come from me

Whoopee cushions and Dungarees

I know jokes like my A-B-C's

If you want laughter, then stick with Cheese

[ponies laughing]

[起司三明治]

And now my biggest test

The hardest fish to fry

[萍琪派]

Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh

[起司三明治]

A mind so analytical

A sense of humor dry

[萍琪派]

So dry!

[起司三明治]

To make you laugh would prove to me

That this experiment's done

[萍琪派]

Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh

[起司三明治]

Something ridiculous and not too smart

Something like a pun

Hey, Sans! How did the laughing bird's eggs hatch? They cracked up!

[rimshot]

索然莫笑: Sir... that is so... ridiculous! [laughs]

[起司三明治]

Then that's all I need to do

That's all I need to see

I thought I needed laughter

But it had to come from me

[其他]

Squirting flowers and knobby knees

Rubber chickens and Dungarees

If you want laughter, then stick with Cheese!

参考

↑ Gabriel Brown (2019-07-12). I can actually relate to this!! @dannyimusic had me do the “Stick With Cheeze” demo for @alyankovic! The fact that Weird Al heard my voice is enough to make me feel special, haha! ☺️ Awesome to see it all come together!!. Twitter. 于2019年7月12日检索.

我的小马驹：友谊就是魔法 — 歌曲

友谊就是魔法

第一季Laughter Song • Pinkie's Gala Fantasy Song • The Ticket Song • Hop Skip and Jump song • Evil Enchantress song • Winter Wrap Up • Cupcake Song • Art of the Dress • Hush Now Lullaby • Cutie Mark Crusaders Song • You Got to Share, You Got to Care • So Many Wonders • Pinkie Pie's Singing Telegram • At the Gala • I'm at the Grand Galloping Gala • Pony Pokey

第二季Find A Pet Song • Becoming Popular (The Pony Everypony Should Know) • The Heart Carol • Happy Monthiversary • Piggy Dance • The Flim Flam Brothers • The Perfect Stallion • Smile Song • Cranky Doodle Donkey • Welcome Song • Cranky Doodle Joy • B.B.B.F.F. • This Day Aria, Part 1 • This Day Aria, Part 2 • Love Is In Bloom

第三季The Failure Song • The Ballad of the Crystal Empire • The Success Song • Babs Seed • Raise This Barn • Morning in Ponyville • What My Cutie Mark Is Telling Me • I've Got to Find a Way • A True, True Friend • Celestia's Ballad • Behold, Princess Twilight Sparkle • Life in Equestria

第四季Hearts Strong as Horses • Bats • Generosity • Apples to the Core • Glass of Water • Pinkie the Party Planner • The Super Duper Party Pony • Pinkie's Lament • The Goof Off • Cheese Confesses • Make a Wish • Music in the Treetops • Find the Music in You • Flim Flam Miracle Curative Tonic • The rappin' Hist'ry of the Wonderbolts • You'll Play Your Part • Let the Rainbow Remind You

第五季In Our Town • Make This Castle A Home • I'll Fly • Rules of Rarity • Sisterhood • We'll Make Our Mark（序曲） • The Vote • The Pony I Want to Be • Light of Your Cutie Mark • The Pony I Want to Be（重复） • We'll Make Our Mark • Equestria, the Land I Love • The Spectacle • The Magic Inside • Equestria, the Land I Love（重复） • Friends Are Always There For You

第六季Out On My Own • Hearth's Warming Eve Is Here Once Again • Say Goodbye to the Holiday • The Seeds of the Past (part 1 & 2) • Pinkie's Present • Luna's Future • Hearth's Warming Eve Is Here Once Again（重复） • Can I Do It On My Own • It's Gonna Work • Derby Racers • A Changeling Can Change • Find the Purpose in Your Life

第七季Best Friends Until the End of Time • Battle for Sugar Belle • You're In My Head Like a Catchy Song • Flawless • Blank Flanks Forever

第八季School of Friendship • Friendship Always Wins •  Your Heart Is in Two Places • Friendship U • We're Friendship Bound • A Kirin Tale • Just Can't Be a Dragon Here

最棒的礼物One More Day • The True Gift of Gifting

第九季The Place Where We Belong • Fit Right In • Better Way to Be Bad • Lotta Little Things • The Last Laugh • Being Big is All It Takes • The Magic of Friendship Grows

彩虹之旅Rainbow Roadtrip • The End of the Rainbow • Living in Color

小马国女孩

小马国女孩This Strange World • Equestria Girls • Time to Come Together • This is Our Big Night • A Friend for Life • My Little Pony Friends（删节）

彩虹摇滚让尾巴摇摆 • 快乐的完美一天 • Rainbow Rocks • Better Than Ever • Battle • Bad Counter Spell • Under Our Spell • Tricks Up My Sleeve • Awesome As I Wanna Be • Welcome to the Show • Rainbooms Battle • Shine Like Rainbows • Life is a Runway • 抛开过去 • Friendship Through the Ages

友谊大赛Friendship Games • CHS Rally Song • What More Is Out There? • ACADECA •  Unleash the Magic • Right There in Front of Me

无尽之森传奇The Legend of Everfree • The Midnight in Me • Embrace the Magic • We Will Stand For Everfree • Legend You Were Meant To Be • Hope Shines Eternal

特别篇热舞魔法 • We've Come So Far • Invisible • Photo Booth • All Good • True Original

动画短片快乐的完美一天 • 人生是场T台秀 • 抛开过去 • 友谊永存 • 科学怪暮 • 周一的阴郁 • 摇上一摇 • 演出疾驰不息 • 世界真小 • 善良共鸣 • Rise Up! • Room to Grow • 朝五晚九 • 另外一面 • 灵感彼岸 • 游艇逍遥 • 尽情奔跑 • 寻觅魔力 • 任雨狂 • 增添力量

我的小马驹大电影

We Got the Beat • We Got This Together • I'm the Friend You Need • Time to Be Awesome • One Small Thing • Open Up Your Eyes • Rainbow • Off To See The World

其他

书籍中的歌曲Laugh, Ponyacci, Laugh • Hearth's Warming Peeve • The Flim Flam Peelcore 8000 • It's the Pop • Rhythm of Our Names • Cold Hooves, Warm Hearts • Windy the Windigo • Talk to Your Friends

专辑歌曲True True Friend Winter Wrap-Up • It's a Pony Kind of Christmas • Jingle Bells • Deck the Halls • We Wish You a Merry Christmas • Silent Night • Twelve Days of Christmas • Last Year I Got Coal for Christmas • Jolly Ol' St. Nick • Days Gone By (Auld Lang Syne) • Thank You for Being a Friend • Can You Feel It • I'll Chase the Sky • No Better Feelin' • I'll Be Around • Neighsayer • Equestria

其他我的小马驹主题曲 • Equestria Girls（商业广告） • The Fresh Princess of Friendship • Happy Birthday to You! • Equestria Girls Forever • Saved by My Friends • 小马日常主题曲 • We Shine Brighter Together • Wild Heart Beats

专辑与单曲

Songs of Friendship and Magic • Songs of Ponyville • Rainbow Rocks - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack • Magical Friendship Tour • Equestria Girls - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack • Rainbow Rocks CD • Equestria Girls CD • Songs of Harmony • Friendship is Magic Remixed • 2015 Convention Collection • Friendship Games - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack • It's a Pony Kind of Christmas • Friendship is Magic Collection • Equestria Girls Collection • Pinkie Pie's Party Playlist • Legend of Everfree - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack • Explore Equestria: Greatest Hits • My Little Pony: The Movie (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) • My Little Pony: The Movie (Original Motion Picture Score) • DJ Pon-3 Presents: The Remixes Vol. 2 • DJ Pon-3 Presents: Halloween • Friendship is Magic: The Instrumentals • Equestria Girls: The Instrumentals • DJ Pon-3 Presents: The Remixes Vol.3 • DJ Pon-3 Presents: The Remixes Vol. 4

英文原文：The Last Laugh (song)