# The Super Duper Party Pony

The Super Duper Party Pony

剧集
派对争锋
角色
起司三明治
萍琪派
演唱
“怪人奥尔”扬科维奇
珊农·陈-肯特
音乐
丹尼尔·英格拉姆
斯特凡·安德鲁（编曲）
歌词
艾米·基廷·罗杰斯
丹尼尔·英格拉姆
调号
D大调
长度
1:45
专辑
Pinkie Pie's Party Playlist
Squeeze Box: The Complete Works of "Weird Al" Yankovic - Medium Rarities
季
第四季
剧集对白
派对争锋
BMI Work ID
17949559

The Super Duper Party Pony
（专辑版本）

调号
D大调
长度
1:48
季
第四季

《The Super Duper Party Pony》是《我的小马驹：友谊就是魔法》第四季的第七首歌曲，第十二集“派对争锋”六首歌曲中的第二首。这首歌由起司三明治演唱，由特别邀请明星“怪人奥尔”扬科维奇配音，且以“怪人奥尔”招牌的波尔卡形式演唱。

这首歌的伴奏版本被使用在孩之宝的在线游戏“ Key Crusaders”的第7-9关。

这首歌为专辑《Pinkie Pie's Party Playlist》的第八首歌曲，以“Super Duper Party Pony”为题。此外还是专辑《Medium Rarities》中的一曲。

这首歌的一个片段被使用在“怪人奥尔”2015年义务世界巡回演唱会中。​[​需补充可靠引用源​]​

发展

艾米·基廷·罗杰斯以《欢乐满人间》中的《Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious》为基础创作了这首歌。[1]

歌词

[起司三明治]

The super-duper party pony–that pony is me

I always knew that was the kind of pony I would be

萍琪派: Me too!

起司三明治: Come on, ponies! Who here likes to party? Ha-ha! You do! I can tell!

When I was but a little colt, I just wanted to play

萍琪派: Like me!

[起司三明治]

But everypony told me, "Cheese, that fun just wastes the day"

萍琪派: As if!

[起司三明治]

But when I threw a party and I busted out some moves

萍琪派: Uh-huh!

[起司三明治]

The ponies finally saw the light and got into the groove

萍琪派: You know it!

[起司三明治]

The super-duper party pony–that pony is me

萍琪派: And me!

[起司三明治]

You'll never meet another party pony quite like Cheese!

萍琪派: Uh, Pinkie?

起司三明治: Hey, good-lookin', want some mayonnaise?

My parties are all off the hook

I never plan them by the book

I start out fun, then whoopsie-daisy

Everybody just gets crazy!

Bored of snacks made by your mom?

How about a giant party bomb?

Huge piñatas filled with cake

Or dive into my fruit punch lake!

Goldengrape: Geronimo!

[起司三明治]

The super-duper party pony–that pony is me

You'll never meet another party pony quite like Cheese

C'mon, kid, take it for a spin!

小雄驹: Golly! Thanks, mister!

[起司三明治]

Oh, when I throw a Cheese party, be sure to not be lame

And miss my pie fights, wacky kites, and streamers in your mane

Fizzy drinks, Hawaiian shirts, and brie fondue delight

You know that with Cheese Sandwich, you'll be partying all night!

云宝黛茜: C'mon, everypony! Let's party down with Cheese!

小蝶: You're really a certified party pony?

起司三明治: That's right! That's my guarantee!

The super-duper party pony–that pony is me-e-e-e-e

[萍琪派]

But what about the super party pony named Pinkie...?

起司三明治: [indistinct] Thanks buddy! You're gonna love this party! Hey kid, have a streamer, on me!

参考

↑ Amy Keating Rogers (2014-02-01). The tune in my head.... Twitter. 于2014年2月1日检索.

我的小马驹：友谊就是魔法 — 歌曲

友谊就是魔法

第一季Laughter Song • Pinkie's Gala Fantasy Song • The Ticket Song • Hop Skip and Jump song • Evil Enchantress song • Winter Wrap Up • Cupcake Song • Art of the Dress • Hush Now Lullaby • Cutie Mark Crusaders Song • You Got to Share, You Got to Care • So Many Wonders • Pinkie Pie's Singing Telegram • At the Gala • I'm at the Grand Galloping Gala • Pony Pokey

第二季Find A Pet Song • Becoming Popular (The Pony Everypony Should Know) • The Heart Carol • Happy Monthiversary • Piggy Dance • The Flim Flam Brothers • The Perfect Stallion • Smile Song • Cranky Doodle Donkey • Welcome Song • Cranky Doodle Joy • B.B.B.F.F. • This Day Aria, Part 1 • This Day Aria, Part 2 • Love Is In Bloom

第三季The Failure Song • The Ballad of the Crystal Empire • The Success Song • Babs Seed • Raise This Barn • Morning in Ponyville • What My Cutie Mark Is Telling Me • I've Got to Find a Way • A True, True Friend • Celestia's Ballad • Behold, Princess Twilight Sparkle • Life in Equestria

第四季Hearts Strong as Horses • Bats • Generosity • Apples to the Core • Glass of Water • Pinkie the Party Planner • The Super Duper Party Pony • Pinkie's Lament • The Goof Off • Cheese Confesses • Make a Wish • Music in the Treetops • Find the Music in You • Flim Flam Miracle Curative Tonic • The rappin' Hist'ry of the Wonderbolts • You'll Play Your Part • Let the Rainbow Remind You

第五季In Our Town • Make This Castle A Home • I'll Fly • Rules of Rarity • Sisterhood • We'll Make Our Mark（序曲） • The Vote • The Pony I Want to Be • Light of Your Cutie Mark • The Pony I Want to Be（重复） • We'll Make Our Mark • Equestria, the Land I Love • The Spectacle • The Magic Inside • Equestria, the Land I Love（重复） • Friends Are Always There For You

第六季Out On My Own • Hearth's Warming Eve Is Here Once Again • Say Goodbye to the Holiday • The Seeds of the Past (part 1 & 2) • Pinkie's Present • Luna's Future • Hearth's Warming Eve Is Here Once Again（重复） • Can I Do It On My Own • It's Gonna Work • Derby Racers • A Changeling Can Change • Find the Purpose in Your Life

第七季Best Friends Until the End of Time • Battle for Sugar Belle • You're In My Head Like a Catchy Song • Flawless • Blank Flanks Forever

第八季School of Friendship • Friendship Always Wins •  Your Heart Is in Two Places • Friendship U • We're Friendship Bound • A Kirin Tale • Just Can't Be a Dragon Here

最棒的礼物One More Day • The True Gift of Gifting

第九季The Place Where We Belong • Fit Right In • Better Way to Be Bad • Lotta Little Things • The Last Laugh • Being Big is All It Takes • The Magic of Friendship Grows

彩虹之旅Rainbow Roadtrip • The End of the Rainbow • Living in Color

小马国女孩

小马国女孩This Strange World • Equestria Girls • Time to Come Together • This is Our Big Night • A Friend for Life • My Little Pony Friends（删节）

彩虹摇滚让尾巴摇摆 • 快乐的完美一天 • Rainbow Rocks • Better Than Ever • Battle • Bad Counter Spell • Under Our Spell • Tricks Up My Sleeve • Awesome As I Wanna Be • Welcome to the Show • Rainbooms Battle • Shine Like Rainbows • Life is a Runway • 抛开过去 • Friendship Through the Ages

友谊大赛Friendship Games • CHS Rally Song • What More Is Out There? • ACADECA •  Unleash the Magic • Right There in Front of Me

无尽之森传奇The Legend of Everfree • The Midnight in Me • Embrace the Magic • We Will Stand For Everfree • Legend You Were Meant To Be • Hope Shines Eternal

特别篇热舞魔法 • We've Come So Far • Invisible • Photo Booth • All Good • True Original

动画短片快乐的完美一天 • 人生是场T台秀 • 抛开过去 • 友谊永存 • 科学怪暮 • 周一的阴郁 • 摇上一摇 • 演出疾驰不息 • 世界真小 • 善良共鸣 • Rise Up! • Room to Grow • 朝五晚九 • 另外一面 • 灵感彼岸 • 游艇逍遥 • 尽情奔跑 • 寻觅魔力 • 任雨狂 • 增添力量

我的小马驹大电影

We Got the Beat • We Got This Together • I'm the Friend You Need • Time to Be Awesome • One Small Thing • Open Up Your Eyes • Rainbow • Off To See The World

其他

书籍中的歌曲Laugh, Ponyacci, Laugh • Hearth's Warming Peeve • The Flim Flam Peelcore 8000 • It's the Pop • Rhythm of Our Names • Cold Hooves, Warm Hearts • Windy the Windigo • Talk to Your Friends

专辑歌曲True True Friend Winter Wrap-Up • It's a Pony Kind of Christmas • Jingle Bells • Deck the Halls • We Wish You a Merry Christmas • Silent Night • Twelve Days of Christmas • Last Year I Got Coal for Christmas • Jolly Ol' St. Nick • Days Gone By (Auld Lang Syne) • Thank You for Being a Friend • Can You Feel It • I'll Chase the Sky • No Better Feelin' • I'll Be Around • Neighsayer • Equestria

其他我的小马驹主题曲 • Equestria Girls（商业广告） • The Fresh Princess of Friendship • Happy Birthday to You! • Equestria Girls Forever • Saved by My Friends • 小马日常主题曲 • We Shine Brighter Together • Wild Heart Beats

专辑与单曲

Songs of Friendship and Magic • Songs of Ponyville • Rainbow Rocks - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack • Magical Friendship Tour • Equestria Girls - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack • Rainbow Rocks CD • Equestria Girls CD • Songs of Harmony • Friendship is Magic Remixed • 2015 Convention Collection • Friendship Games - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack • It's a Pony Kind of Christmas • Friendship is Magic Collection • Equestria Girls Collection • Pinkie Pie's Party Playlist • Legend of Everfree - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack • Explore Equestria: Greatest Hits • My Little Pony: The Movie (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) • My Little Pony: The Movie (Original Motion Picture Score) • DJ Pon-3 Presents: The Remixes Vol. 2 • DJ Pon-3 Presents: Halloween • Friendship is Magic: The Instrumentals • Equestria Girls: The Instrumentals • DJ Pon-3 Presents: The Remixes Vol.3 • DJ Pon-3 Presents: The Remixes Vol. 4

英文原文：The Super Duper Party Pony