# The Goof Off

The Goof Off

剧集
派对争锋
角色
萍琪派
起司三明治
演唱
安德烈娅·利布曼[1]
“怪人奥尔”扬科维奇
音乐
丹尼尔·英格拉姆
“怪人奥尔”扬科维奇（《W.A.Y. Moby Polka》及《Alternative Polka》部分）
Jaromír Vejvoda（《Beer Barrel Polka》部分）
传统墨西哥民谣（西班牙语部分）
传统（“go floppy”段和“Shave and a Haircut”结尾）
斯特凡·安德鲁（编曲）
歌词
丹尼尔·英格拉姆
艾米·基廷·罗杰斯（《Smile Song》部分）
传统墨西哥民谣（西班牙语部分）
调号
降B大调、G大调、C大调、D大调、F大调、降B大调、G大调、C大调、B大调
长度
1:46
专辑
Pinkie Pie's Party Playlist
季
第四季
剧集对白
派对争锋
BMI Work ID
17949641

The Goof Off（专辑版本）

长度
1:59
季
第四季

《The Goof Off》是《我的小马驹：友谊就是魔法》第四季的第九首歌曲，“派对争锋”六首歌曲中的第四首。歌中，起司三明治唱了《Smile Song》的一段波尔卡改编。萍琪派也唱了一段击打皮纳塔时常常唱起的墨西哥民谣。

这首歌为专辑《Pinkie Pie's Party Playlist》的第九首歌曲，专辑版在结尾的伴奏上稍有不同。

发展与制作

艾米·基廷·罗杰斯以《Together (Wherever We Go)》为基础创作了这首歌，而据她回忆，她在《脱线家族》中听到《Together》一曲。[2]这是首次安德烈娅·利布曼亲自上阵（而非萍琪派通常的演唱配音珊农·陈-肯特），且时长超过一分钟的萍琪派歌曲。

这首歌的内容可以在“怪人奥尔”的其他波尔卡歌曲中听到，例如起司踏着巨大的奶酪滚轮，演奏手风琴时可以听到的《Beer Barrel Polka (Roll Out the Barrel)》的片段、背景中随机的像溜溜笛发出的声响、《The Alternative Polka》的部分旋律、歌词之间的《W.A.Y. Moby Polka》的旋律。起司三明治演唱第二段歌词时，画面为橡胶鸡在跳舞，就使用了跳绳歌（Jump Rope Rhyme）《Miss Susie Had a Steamboat》和《99 Bottles of Beer》的韵律。《The Goof Off》的专辑版本可以在该集结尾演职员表处听见，并附加了“shave and a haircut”的结尾。

这首歌过程中穿插了两端现实画面：一个是起司的橡胶鸡“没骨头”的提线木偶，另一个是代表软糖的幼短吻鳄。没骨头的现实画面在杰森·蒂森家的地下室中拍摄，[3]而短吻鳄的片段则是在资料片/照片网站Pond5.com上购得。[4]

歌词

[萍琪派]

It's your birthday party, a very special day

I've got a song, it won't take long, I just wanted to say

Happy, happy, happy, happy

Happy, happy, happy, happy

Happy, happy, happy, happy birthday to you!

[起司三明治]

If you wanna be the life of the party

But you're feeling just a little uptight

Call the doctor, beg and plead

"Doctor, tell me what I need"

Try to put a little cheese in your knees!

[萍琪派]

Bubbles and balloons, bubbles and balloons

What's a birthday party without bubbles and balloons?

Star-shaped or trapezoid, look what I can do

Only Pinkie Pie can make a bubble shaped like you!

[起司三明治]

Just let yourself go floppy, for now this is your chance

Pretend you have no bones and do the rubber chicken dance!

Hit it, Boneless!

[萍琪派]

Cooler than a rubber chicken and tastier than cake

Come on, you, let's party down and do the Gummy shake!

Hit it, Gummy! Uh-huh! You know it! Shake it!

[起司三明治]

'Cause I like to make you smile, smile, smile

Yes I do

It fills my heart with sunshine all the while

Yes it does

'Cause all I really need's a smile, smile, smile

From these happy friends of mine

萍琪派: That's my song!

起司三明治: What do you mean? I have no idea what you're talking about.

萍琪派: THAT'S IT!

[萍琪派]

Roll out the party cannon

When you hear the party cannon song

Ka-BOOM!

[起司三明治]

Why should you compromise? Try this one on for size

'Cause nothing quite says cheer like the ringing in your ear

Of the cheese supreme cannonball surprise!

[萍琪派]

¡Dale, dale, dale

No pierdas el tino!

Porque si lo pierdes

¡Pierdes el camino!

注释

这是第一首歌词中存在非英语句子，且未译制的歌曲。以下是萍琪派最后一段歌词大意：

Hit it, hit it, hit it

Don't lose your aim

Because if you lose it

You lose the way!

参考

↑ Daniel Ingram (2014-02-01). Lets shower @ShannonCKent in .... Twitter. 于2014年2月1日检索.

↑ Amy Keating Rogers (2014-02-01). The tune in my head.... Twitter. 于2014年2月1日检索.

↑ Jayson Thiessen (2014-02-01). that dancing boneless was made .... Twitter. 于2014年2月1日检索.

↑ Alligator Stock Video 534507. Pond5. 于2014年2月1日检索.

我的小马驹：友谊就是魔法 — 歌曲

友谊就是魔法

第一季Laughter Song • Pinkie's Gala Fantasy Song • The Ticket Song • Hop Skip and Jump song • Evil Enchantress song • Winter Wrap Up • Cupcake Song • Art of the Dress • Hush Now Lullaby • Cutie Mark Crusaders Song • You Got to Share, You Got to Care • So Many Wonders • Pinkie Pie's Singing Telegram • At the Gala • I'm at the Grand Galloping Gala • Pony Pokey

第二季Find A Pet Song • Becoming Popular (The Pony Everypony Should Know) • The Heart Carol • Happy Monthiversary • Piggy Dance • The Flim Flam Brothers • The Perfect Stallion • Smile Song • Cranky Doodle Donkey • Welcome Song • Cranky Doodle Joy • B.B.B.F.F. • This Day Aria, Part 1 • This Day Aria, Part 2 • Love Is In Bloom

第三季The Failure Song • The Ballad of the Crystal Empire • The Success Song • Babs Seed • Raise This Barn • Morning in Ponyville • What My Cutie Mark Is Telling Me • I've Got to Find a Way • A True, True Friend • Celestia's Ballad • Behold, Princess Twilight Sparkle • Life in Equestria

第四季Hearts Strong as Horses • Bats • Generosity • Apples to the Core • Glass of Water • Pinkie the Party Planner • The Super Duper Party Pony • Pinkie's Lament • The Goof Off • Cheese Confesses • Make a Wish • Music in the Treetops • Find the Music in You • Flim Flam Miracle Curative Tonic • The rappin' Hist'ry of the Wonderbolts • You'll Play Your Part • Let the Rainbow Remind You

第五季In Our Town • Make This Castle A Home • I'll Fly • Rules of Rarity • Sisterhood • We'll Make Our Mark（序曲） • The Vote • The Pony I Want to Be • Light of Your Cutie Mark • The Pony I Want to Be（重复） • We'll Make Our Mark • Equestria, the Land I Love • The Spectacle • The Magic Inside • Equestria, the Land I Love（重复） • Friends Are Always There For You

第六季Out On My Own • Hearth's Warming Eve Is Here Once Again • Say Goodbye to the Holiday • The Seeds of the Past (part 1 & 2) • Pinkie's Present • Luna's Future • Hearth's Warming Eve Is Here Once Again（重复） • Can I Do It On My Own • It's Gonna Work • Derby Racers • A Changeling Can Change • Find the Purpose in Your Life

第七季Best Friends Until the End of Time • Battle for Sugar Belle • You're In My Head Like a Catchy Song • Flawless • Blank Flanks Forever

第八季School of Friendship • Friendship Always Wins •  Your Heart Is in Two Places • Friendship U • We're Friendship Bound • A Kirin Tale • Just Can't Be a Dragon Here

最棒的礼物One More Day • The True Gift of Gifting

第九季The Place Where We Belong • Fit Right In • Better Way to Be Bad • Lotta Little Things • The Last Laugh • Being Big is All It Takes • The Magic of Friendship Grows

彩虹之旅Rainbow Roadtrip • The End of the Rainbow • Living in Color

小马国女孩

小马国女孩This Strange World • Equestria Girls • Time to Come Together • This is Our Big Night • A Friend for Life • My Little Pony Friends（删节）

彩虹摇滚让尾巴摇摆 • 快乐的完美一天 • Rainbow Rocks • Better Than Ever • Battle • Bad Counter Spell • Under Our Spell • Tricks Up My Sleeve • Awesome As I Wanna Be • Welcome to the Show • Rainbooms Battle • Shine Like Rainbows • Life is a Runway • 抛开过去 • Friendship Through the Ages

友谊大赛Friendship Games • CHS Rally Song • What More Is Out There? • ACADECA •  Unleash the Magic • Right There in Front of Me

无尽之森传奇The Legend of Everfree • The Midnight in Me • Embrace the Magic • We Will Stand For Everfree • Legend You Were Meant To Be • Hope Shines Eternal

特别篇热舞魔法 • We've Come So Far • Invisible • Photo Booth • All Good • True Original

动画短片快乐的完美一天 • 人生是场T台秀 • 抛开过去 • 友谊永存 • 科学怪暮 • 周一的阴郁 • 摇上一摇 • 演出疾驰不息 • 世界真小 • 善良共鸣 • Rise Up! • Room to Grow • 朝五晚九 • 另外一面 • 灵感彼岸 • 游艇逍遥 • 尽情奔跑 • 寻觅魔力 • 任雨狂 • 增添力量

我的小马驹大电影

We Got the Beat • We Got This Together • I'm the Friend You Need • Time to Be Awesome • One Small Thing • Open Up Your Eyes • Rainbow • Off To See The World

其他

书籍中的歌曲Laugh, Ponyacci, Laugh • Hearth's Warming Peeve • The Flim Flam Peelcore 8000 • It's the Pop • Rhythm of Our Names • Cold Hooves, Warm Hearts • Windy the Windigo • Talk to Your Friends

专辑歌曲True True Friend Winter Wrap-Up • It's a Pony Kind of Christmas • Jingle Bells • Deck the Halls • We Wish You a Merry Christmas • Silent Night • Twelve Days of Christmas • Last Year I Got Coal for Christmas • Jolly Ol' St. Nick • Days Gone By (Auld Lang Syne) • Thank You for Being a Friend • Can You Feel It • I'll Chase the Sky • No Better Feelin' • I'll Be Around • Neighsayer • Equestria

其他我的小马驹主题曲 • Equestria Girls（商业广告） • The Fresh Princess of Friendship • Happy Birthday to You! • Equestria Girls Forever • Saved by My Friends • 小马日常主题曲 • We Shine Brighter Together • Wild Heart Beats

专辑与单曲

Songs of Friendship and Magic • Songs of Ponyville • Rainbow Rocks - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack • Magical Friendship Tour • Equestria Girls - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack • Rainbow Rocks CD • Equestria Girls CD • Songs of Harmony • Friendship is Magic Remixed • 2015 Convention Collection • Friendship Games - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack • It's a Pony Kind of Christmas • Friendship is Magic Collection • Equestria Girls Collection • Pinkie Pie's Party Playlist • Legend of Everfree - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack • Explore Equestria: Greatest Hits • My Little Pony: The Movie (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) • My Little Pony: The Movie (Original Motion Picture Score) • DJ Pon-3 Presents: The Remixes Vol. 2 • DJ Pon-3 Presents: Halloween • Friendship is Magic: The Instrumentals • Equestria Girls: The Instrumentals • DJ Pon-3 Presents: The Remixes Vol.3 • DJ Pon-3 Presents: The Remixes Vol. 4

英文原文：The Goof Off