# The Vote

The Vote

剧集
可爱远征
角色
可爱标记童子军
珠玉冠冠
白银勺勺
背景幼驹
演唱
米歇尔·克雷伯
克莱尔·科利特
玛德琳·彼得斯
钱塔尔·斯特兰
珊农·陈-肯特
音乐
丹尼尔·英格拉姆
卡莱布·钱（管弦乐）
特雷弗·霍夫曼（声乐编排）
歌词
丹尼尔·英格拉姆
艾米·基廷·罗杰斯
调号
A大调、A小调、升F小调、A大调
长度
3:04
季
第五季
剧集对白
可爱远征

《The Vote》是《我的小马驹：友谊就是魔法》第五季的第七首歌曲，也是第十八集“可爱远征”六首歌曲中的第二首。白银勺勺在这首歌中初次开嗓。歌中，可爱标记童子军为皮皮竞选学生会主席展开宣传，而珠玉冠冠则借威胁勒索，开空头支票等伎俩为自己竞选宣传，十分自私。

制作

这首歌是受音乐剧《女巫前传》的“What Is This Feeling?”启发而作。[1]

歌词

  

[可爱标记童子军]

It's time to make a change

This is our chance

Don't be afraid to do what's right

He's it! Vote for Pip!

We got an opportunity

To have fun again

A vote for Pip, and you can join the fight

It's time for a new leader

It's time to make a change

We're here to fight for what we believe

(Vote for Pip!)

It's finally time we beat her

And play a better game

'Cause when we vote together

There's nothing that we can't achieve

[珠玉冠冠]

I don't believe what I am hearing

I'm the only one you should be cheering

Pipsqueak? Try "Pip's weak!" Don't you think?

But a diamond is perfection

It's natural selection

So your vote better be for me, not the weakest link

小苹花: We'll let the votin' decide!

[珠玉冠冠]

Everypony has their little secrets

I know you do

A vote for me will help you keep them safe

Like your creepy super strength!

Or your mane extension

A little thing I won't mention

Or those freakish large teeth in your face!

小苹花: Come on now, ponies! Don't listen to her!

[可爱标记童子军]

You've gotta vote for change

It's time for a new leader

End all the tyranny

Vote now and we can beat her

It's now another day

And we believe in what's right

[众幼驹]

Vote for Pip! Vote for Pip!

[可爱标记童子军]

Our victory is in sight

珠玉冠冠: Stop! Everypony who hasn't voted, listen up!

Pip makes promises he can't keep

But I can do more

You could really use a new bookbag

'Cause I'll make things happen

That none of you here can afford

To do, like, ever!

Wouldn't you like a little something sweet?

Here's a parasol to hide you from the heat

Who says that I can't be nice?

But first there's one thing

An itsy-bitsy little string

And voting for me is the price!

[白银勺勺]

I've a tiny suggestion

That you should be aware

You could probably win this election

If you show them all you really care—

珠玉冠冠: I don't recall asking you to speak!

全体: [gasps]

甜贝儿: Well, if that's how you treat your best friend, then I choose Pipsqueak!

[众幼驹]

Vote!

[可爱标记童子军]

Stand strong and don't be afraid, ponies

Let's free ourselves from the past

[众幼驹]

For Pip!

Vote!

[众幼驹]

He's it! Vote for Pip! Vote!

[可爱标记童子军]

We'll let honor win out against the tyranny

And make a change that will last

[众幼驹]

For Pip!

Vote!

[众幼驹]

Vote for Pip!

[可爱标记童子军]

It's time for a new leader

It's time to make a change

We're here to fight for what we believe

[众幼驹]

Vote for Pip!

[可爱标记童子军]

It's finally time we beat her

And play a better game

'Cause when we vote together

There's nothing that we can't achieve

[众幼驹]

Vote for Pip!

参考

↑ Amy Keating Rogers (2015-10-10). When I wrote the original lyrics for “Voting,” I had “What is This Feeling?” (aka “Loathing”) from Wicked in my head. #MLP5. Twitter. 于2015年10月10日检索.

我的小马驹：友谊就是魔法 — 歌曲

友谊就是魔法

第一季Laughter Song • Pinkie's Gala Fantasy Song • The Ticket Song • Hop Skip and Jump song • Evil Enchantress song • Winter Wrap Up • Cupcake Song • Art of the Dress • Hush Now Lullaby • Cutie Mark Crusaders Song • You Got to Share, You Got to Care • So Many Wonders • Pinkie Pie's Singing Telegram • At the Gala • I'm at the Grand Galloping Gala • Pony Pokey

第二季Find A Pet Song • Becoming Popular (The Pony Everypony Should Know) • The Heart Carol • Happy Monthiversary • Piggy Dance • The Flim Flam Brothers • The Perfect Stallion • Smile Song • Cranky Doodle Donkey • Welcome Song • Cranky Doodle Joy • B.B.B.F.F. • This Day Aria, Part 1 • This Day Aria, Part 2 • Love Is In Bloom

第三季The Failure Song • The Ballad of the Crystal Empire • The Success Song • Babs Seed • Raise This Barn • Morning in Ponyville • What My Cutie Mark Is Telling Me • I've Got to Find a Way • A True, True Friend • Celestia's Ballad • Behold, Princess Twilight Sparkle • Life in Equestria

第四季Hearts Strong as Horses • Bats • Generosity • Apples to the Core • Glass of Water • Pinkie the Party Planner • The Super Duper Party Pony • Pinkie's Lament • The Goof Off • Cheese Confesses • Make a Wish • Music in the Treetops • Find the Music in You • Flim Flam Miracle Curative Tonic • The rappin' Hist'ry of the Wonderbolts • You'll Play Your Part • Let the Rainbow Remind You

第五季In Our Town • Make This Castle A Home • I'll Fly • Rules of Rarity • Sisterhood • We'll Make Our Mark（序曲） • The Vote • The Pony I Want to Be • Light of Your Cutie Mark • The Pony I Want to Be（重复） • We'll Make Our Mark • Equestria, the Land I Love • The Spectacle • The Magic Inside • Equestria, the Land I Love（重复） • Friends Are Always There For You

第六季Out On My Own • Hearth's Warming Eve Is Here Once Again • Say Goodbye to the Holiday • The Seeds of the Past (part 1 & 2) • Pinkie's Present • Luna's Future • Hearth's Warming Eve Is Here Once Again（重复） • Can I Do It On My Own • It's Gonna Work • Derby Racers • A Changeling Can Change • Find the Purpose in Your Life

第七季Best Friends Until the End of Time • Battle for Sugar Belle • You're In My Head Like a Catchy Song • Flawless • Blank Flanks Forever

第八季School of Friendship • Friendship Always Wins •  Your Heart Is in Two Places • Friendship U • We're Friendship Bound • A Kirin Tale • Just Can't Be a Dragon Here

最棒的礼物One More Day • The True Gift of Gifting

第九季The Place Where We Belong • Fit Right In • Better Way to Be Bad • Lotta Little Things • The Last Laugh • Being Big is All It Takes • The Magic of Friendship Grows

彩虹之旅Rainbow Roadtrip • The End of the Rainbow • Living in Color

小马国女孩

小马国女孩This Strange World • Equestria Girls • Time to Come Together • This is Our Big Night • A Friend for Life • My Little Pony Friends（删节）

彩虹摇滚让尾巴摇摆 • 快乐的完美一天 • Rainbow Rocks • Better Than Ever • Battle • Bad Counter Spell • Under Our Spell • Tricks Up My Sleeve • Awesome As I Wanna Be • Welcome to the Show • Rainbooms Battle • Shine Like Rainbows • Life is a Runway • 抛开过去 • Friendship Through the Ages

友谊大赛Friendship Games • CHS Rally Song • What More Is Out There? • ACADECA •  Unleash the Magic • Right There in Front of Me

无尽之森传奇The Legend of Everfree • The Midnight in Me • Embrace the Magic • We Will Stand For Everfree • Legend You Were Meant To Be • Hope Shines Eternal

特别篇热舞魔法 • We've Come So Far • Invisible • Photo Booth • All Good • True Original

动画短片快乐的完美一天 • 人生是场T台秀 • 抛开过去 • 友谊永存 • 科学怪暮 • 周一的阴郁 • 摇上一摇 • 演出疾驰不息 • 世界真小 • 善良共鸣 • Rise Up! • Room to Grow • 朝五晚九 • 另外一面 • 灵感彼岸 • 游艇逍遥 • 尽情奔跑 • 寻觅魔力 • 任雨狂 • 增添力量

我的小马驹大电影

We Got the Beat • We Got This Together • I'm the Friend You Need • Time to Be Awesome • One Small Thing • Open Up Your Eyes • Rainbow • Off To See The World

其他

书籍中的歌曲Laugh, Ponyacci, Laugh • Hearth's Warming Peeve • The Flim Flam Peelcore 8000 • It's the Pop • Rhythm of Our Names • Cold Hooves, Warm Hearts • Windy the Windigo • Talk to Your Friends

专辑歌曲True True Friend Winter Wrap-Up • It's a Pony Kind of Christmas • Jingle Bells • Deck the Halls • We Wish You a Merry Christmas • Silent Night • Twelve Days of Christmas • Last Year I Got Coal for Christmas • Jolly Ol' St. Nick • Days Gone By (Auld Lang Syne) • Thank You for Being a Friend • Can You Feel It • I'll Chase the Sky • No Better Feelin' • I'll Be Around • Neighsayer • Equestria

其他我的小马驹主题曲 • Equestria Girls（商业广告） • The Fresh Princess of Friendship • Happy Birthday to You! • Equestria Girls Forever • Saved by My Friends • 小马日常主题曲 • We Shine Brighter Together • Wild Heart Beats

专辑与单曲

Songs of Friendship and Magic • Songs of Ponyville • Rainbow Rocks - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack • Magical Friendship Tour • Equestria Girls - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack • Rainbow Rocks CD • Equestria Girls CD • Songs of Harmony • Friendship is Magic Remixed • 2015 Convention Collection • Friendship Games - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack • It's a Pony Kind of Christmas • Friendship is Magic Collection • Equestria Girls Collection • Pinkie Pie's Party Playlist • Legend of Everfree - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack • Explore Equestria: Greatest Hits • My Little Pony: The Movie (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) • My Little Pony: The Movie (Original Motion Picture Score) • DJ Pon-3 Presents: The Remixes Vol. 2 • DJ Pon-3 Presents: Halloween • Friendship is Magic: The Instrumentals • Equestria Girls: The Instrumentals • DJ Pon-3 Presents: The Remixes Vol.3 • DJ Pon-3 Presents: The Remixes Vol. 4

英文原文：The Vote