# Time to Be Awesome

Time to Be Awesome

电影
我的小马驹大电影
角色
云宝黛茜
西拉诺船长
伴唱：
苹果杰克
萍琪派
小蝶
瑞瑞
斯派克
穆雷
莉克斯
博伊尔
演唱
艾希莉·波尔
佐伊·索尔达娜
珊农·陈-肯特
安德烈娅·利布曼
和美·埃文斯
凯西·薇瑟乐克
马克·奥利弗
妮科尔·奥利弗
马克斯·马蒂尼
音乐
丹尼尔·英格拉姆
歌词
丹尼尔·英格拉姆
迈克尔·沃格
调号
D大调、A大调
长度
2:52
专辑
My Little Pony: The Movie (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack)
电影对白
我的小马驹大电影
BMI Work ID
25155471

《Time to Be Awesome》是《我的小马驹大电影》八首歌曲中的第四首。歌曲出现在云宝鼓励茜拉诺和她的前空贼船员们重新成为空贼时，由云宝黛茜和西拉诺船长演唱。

该歌曲是电影原声带的第三首。其最早在2017年7月21日于圣迭戈国际漫画展的小马展位上播放。该歌曲的伴奏版本也被用在了《我的小马驹大电影》官方网站的Pony Maker和Adventure Taker页面[1]以及狮门影业YouTube频道的《My Little Pony: The Movie (2017) 360° Pirates Image》视频中。[2]

歌词

[云宝黛茜]

I know the world can get you down

Things don't work out quite the way that you thought

Feeling like all your best days are done

Your fears and doubts are all you've got

But there's a light shining deep inside

Beneath those fears and doubts, so just squash 'em

And let it shine for all the world to see

That it is time, yeah, time to be awesome

[小马们]

Ah, ah, ah-ah, awesome!

It's time to be so awesome!

Ah, ah, ah-ah, awesome!

It's time to be so awesome!

[西拉诺船长]

You've no idea how hard it's been

[小马们]

(It's time to be awesome!)

[西拉诺船长]

This dull routine we've been forced to do

[云宝黛茜]

Don't let them rob you of who you are

Be awesome, it's all up to you

[西拉诺船长]

I feel the light stirring deep inside

It's like a tale still yet to be told

[小马们]

(It's time to be awesome!)

[云宝黛茜和西拉诺船长]

And now it's time to break the shackles free

And start living like the brave and the bold!

[全体]

It's time to be awesome!

Let loose, be true, so awesome!

It's time to be awesome!

Go big, be you, so awesome!

[穆雷]

We used to soar through the clouds in the skies

[莉克斯]

Elaborate schemes we would love to devise

[博伊尔]

We rescued our treasure and stored it away

[西拉诺船长]

Saving those gemstones for a rainy day

[全体]

We see that light filling up our skies

[云宝黛茜]

So take the Storm King's orders and toss 'em

[全体]

'Cause it's the time to let our colors fly

[西拉诺船长]

Hey, scallywags, it's time to be awesome!

[全体]

Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey!

[器乐尾奏]

参考

↑ My Little Pony: The Movie - Pony Creator!. 于2017年9月20日检索.

↑ Lionsgate Movies (2017-09-19). My Little Pony: The Movie (2017) 360° Pirates Image. YouTube. 于2017年9月19日检索.

我的小马驹：友谊就是魔法 — 歌曲

友谊就是魔法

第一季Laughter Song • Pinkie's Gala Fantasy Song • The Ticket Song • Hop Skip and Jump song • Evil Enchantress song • Winter Wrap Up • Cupcake Song • Art of the Dress • Hush Now Lullaby • Cutie Mark Crusaders Song • You Got to Share, You Got to Care • So Many Wonders • Pinkie Pie's Singing Telegram • At the Gala • I'm at the Grand Galloping Gala • Pony Pokey

第二季Find A Pet Song • Becoming Popular (The Pony Everypony Should Know) • The Heart Carol • Happy Monthiversary • Piggy Dance • The Flim Flam Brothers • The Perfect Stallion • Smile Song • Cranky Doodle Donkey • Welcome Song • Cranky Doodle Joy • B.B.B.F.F. • This Day Aria, Part 1 • This Day Aria, Part 2 • Love Is In Bloom

第三季The Failure Song • The Ballad of the Crystal Empire • The Success Song • Babs Seed • Raise This Barn • Morning in Ponyville • What My Cutie Mark Is Telling Me • I've Got to Find a Way • A True, True Friend • Celestia's Ballad • Behold, Princess Twilight Sparkle • Life in Equestria

第四季Hearts Strong as Horses • Bats • Generosity • Apples to the Core • Glass of Water • Pinkie the Party Planner • The Super Duper Party Pony • Pinkie's Lament • The Goof Off • Cheese Confesses • Make a Wish • Music in the Treetops • Find the Music in You • Flim Flam Miracle Curative Tonic • The rappin' Hist'ry of the Wonderbolts • You'll Play Your Part • Let the Rainbow Remind You

第五季In Our Town • Make This Castle A Home • I'll Fly • Rules of Rarity • Sisterhood • We'll Make Our Mark（序曲） • The Vote • The Pony I Want to Be • Light of Your Cutie Mark • The Pony I Want to Be（重复） • We'll Make Our Mark • Equestria, the Land I Love • The Spectacle • The Magic Inside • Equestria, the Land I Love（重复） • Friends Are Always There For You

第六季Out On My Own • Hearth's Warming Eve Is Here Once Again • Say Goodbye to the Holiday • The Seeds of the Past (part 1 & 2) • Pinkie's Present • Luna's Future • Hearth's Warming Eve Is Here Once Again（重复） • Can I Do It On My Own • It's Gonna Work • Derby Racers • A Changeling Can Change • Find the Purpose in Your Life

第七季Best Friends Until the End of Time • Battle for Sugar Belle • You're In My Head Like a Catchy Song • Flawless • Blank Flanks Forever

第八季School of Friendship • Friendship Always Wins •  Your Heart Is in Two Places • Friendship U • We're Friendship Bound • A Kirin Tale • Just Can't Be a Dragon Here

最棒的礼物One More Day • The True Gift of Gifting

第九季The Place Where We Belong • Fit Right In • Better Way to Be Bad • Lotta Little Things • The Last Laugh • Being Big is All It Takes • The Magic of Friendship Grows

彩虹之旅Rainbow Roadtrip • The End of the Rainbow • Living in Color

小马国女孩

小马国女孩This Strange World • Equestria Girls • Time to Come Together • This is Our Big Night • A Friend for Life • My Little Pony Friends（删节）

彩虹摇滚让尾巴摇摆 • 快乐的完美一天 • Rainbow Rocks • Better Than Ever • Battle • Bad Counter Spell • Under Our Spell • Tricks Up My Sleeve • Awesome As I Wanna Be • Welcome to the Show • Rainbooms Battle • Shine Like Rainbows • Life is a Runway • 抛开过去 • Friendship Through the Ages

友谊大赛Friendship Games • CHS Rally Song • What More Is Out There? • ACADECA •  Unleash the Magic • Right There in Front of Me

无尽之森传奇The Legend of Everfree • The Midnight in Me • Embrace the Magic • We Will Stand For Everfree • Legend You Were Meant To Be • Hope Shines Eternal

特别篇热舞魔法 • We've Come So Far • Invisible • Photo Booth • All Good • True Original

动画短片快乐的完美一天 • 人生是场T台秀 • 抛开过去 • 友谊永存 • 科学怪暮 • 周一的阴郁 • 摇上一摇 • 演出疾驰不息 • 世界真小 • 善良共鸣 • Rise Up! • Room to Grow • 朝五晚九 • 另外一面 • 灵感彼岸 • 游艇逍遥 • 尽情奔跑 • 寻觅魔力 • 任雨狂 • 增添力量

我的小马驹大电影

We Got the Beat • We Got This Together • I'm the Friend You Need • Time to Be Awesome • One Small Thing • Open Up Your Eyes • Rainbow • Off To See The World

其他

书籍中的歌曲Laugh, Ponyacci, Laugh • Hearth's Warming Peeve • The Flim Flam Peelcore 8000 • It's the Pop • Rhythm of Our Names • Cold Hooves, Warm Hearts • Windy the Windigo • Talk to Your Friends

专辑歌曲True True Friend Winter Wrap-Up • It's a Pony Kind of Christmas • Jingle Bells • Deck the Halls • We Wish You a Merry Christmas • Silent Night • Twelve Days of Christmas • Last Year I Got Coal for Christmas • Jolly Ol' St. Nick • Days Gone By (Auld Lang Syne) • Thank You for Being a Friend • Can You Feel It • I'll Chase the Sky • No Better Feelin' • I'll Be Around • Neighsayer • Equestria

其他我的小马驹主题曲 • Equestria Girls（商业广告） • The Fresh Princess of Friendship • Happy Birthday to You! • Equestria Girls Forever • Saved by My Friends • 小马日常主题曲 • We Shine Brighter Together • Wild Heart Beats

专辑与单曲

Songs of Friendship and Magic • Songs of Ponyville • Rainbow Rocks - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack • Magical Friendship Tour • Equestria Girls - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack • Rainbow Rocks CD • Equestria Girls CD • Songs of Harmony • Friendship is Magic Remixed • 2015 Convention Collection • Friendship Games - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack • It's a Pony Kind of Christmas • Friendship is Magic Collection • Equestria Girls Collection • Pinkie Pie's Party Playlist • Legend of Everfree - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack • Explore Equestria: Greatest Hits • My Little Pony: The Movie (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) • My Little Pony: The Movie (Original Motion Picture Score) • DJ Pon-3 Presents: The Remixes Vol. 2 • DJ Pon-3 Presents: Halloween • Friendship is Magic: The Instrumentals • Equestria Girls: The Instrumentals • DJ Pon-3 Presents: The Remixes Vol.3 • DJ Pon-3 Presents: The Remixes Vol. 4

英文原文：Time to Be Awesome