# We Shine Brighter Together

We Shine Brighter Together
剧集
友谊碰撞/谢幕歌声
角色
暮光闪闪
苹果杰克
小蝶
云宝黛茜
萍琪派
瑞瑞
小马们
演唱
丽贝卡·萧伊凯特
艾希莉·波尔
安德烈娅·利布曼
塔比莎·杰曼
音乐
杰丝·弗曼
歌词
吉莉恩·M·贝若
剧集对白
友谊碰撞/谢幕歌声

《We Shine Brighter Together》是《我的小马驹：小马日常》中的一首歌曲，出现在“谢幕歌声”一集中。这首歌由六主角一起演唱。

歌词

[瑞瑞]

I'm a stand-out pony

A winner through and through

But I'm just a one-mare show

Without you and you

其余的六主角：And you!

[瑞瑞]

Without friends

I'm a lime without a light

When we are together

[萍琪派]

We shine extra bright

[六主角]

It isn't always easy

Friendship can be hard

But for every friend I have

I trot that extra yard

I've always got your back

For any goal you dream

Together or apart

We make the perfect team

[苹果杰克]

When you hit an obstacle

I'll help you stay on course

[云宝黛茜]

'Cause friends will cheer you on

When you're a tiny horse

苹果杰克:：We're ponies!

[小蝶]

Look nowhere else to friendship

Accept help when you are down

[暮光闪闪]

It doesn't take a potion

To turn the game around

[六主角]

It isn't always easy

Friendship can be hard

But for every friend I have

I trot that extra yard

I've always got your back

For any goal you dream

Together or apart

We make the perfect team

云宝黛茜：Who here's on Team Friendship?

小马们：We're on Team Friendship!

苹果杰克：If there ain't nopony just like you, then you're on Team Friendship!

小马们：We're on Team Friendship!

瑞瑞：If you're yourself from the inside out, then...

小马们：We're on Team Friendship!

小蝶：If you got to meet and gree-ee-ee-eet your number-one fan, then...

Finn Tastic和小马们：We're on Team Friendship!

[暮光闪闪]

[说唱]

If you sneak into the Sugarcube Corner

In the middle of the night

To restock the potion fridge

Magic potions, friends with ponies workin' there

[beat]

暮光闪闪：...then you come to an understanding with those aforementioned ponies, then...

Potion Nova：Then I'm on Team Friendship! [大笑]

[云宝黛茜]

Step up to the starting line

But friendship's not a race

When I'm trotting next to you

We're always in first pla-a-a-a-ace

[小马们]

Yeah! We! Are! Whoo! All together now!

[全体]

It isn't always easy

Friendship can be hard

But for every friend I have

I trot that extra yard (We shine)

I've always got your back (Shine bright)

For any goal you dream (Brighter)

Together or apart (Shine bright)

We make the perfect team (Together)

[六主角]

We shine

Shine bright

Brighter

Together

Shine bright

Brighter

Shine bright

Together

We shine

Shine bright

Brighter

Together!

我的小马驹：友谊就是魔法 — 歌曲

友谊就是魔法

第一季Laughter Song • Pinkie's Gala Fantasy Song • The Ticket Song • Hop Skip and Jump song • Evil Enchantress song • Winter Wrap Up • Cupcake Song • Art of the Dress • Hush Now Lullaby • Cutie Mark Crusaders Song • You Got to Share, You Got to Care • So Many Wonders • Pinkie Pie's Singing Telegram • At the Gala • I'm at the Grand Galloping Gala • Pony Pokey

第二季Find A Pet Song • Becoming Popular (The Pony Everypony Should Know) • The Heart Carol • Happy Monthiversary • Piggy Dance • The Flim Flam Brothers • The Perfect Stallion • Smile Song • Cranky Doodle Donkey • Welcome Song • Cranky Doodle Joy • B.B.B.F.F. • This Day Aria, Part 1 • This Day Aria, Part 2 • Love Is In Bloom

第三季The Failure Song • The Ballad of the Crystal Empire • The Success Song • Babs Seed • Raise This Barn • Morning in Ponyville • What My Cutie Mark Is Telling Me • I've Got to Find a Way • A True, True Friend • Celestia's Ballad • Behold, Princess Twilight Sparkle • Life in Equestria

第四季Hearts Strong as Horses • Bats • Generosity • Apples to the Core • Glass of Water • Pinkie the Party Planner • The Super Duper Party Pony • Pinkie's Lament • The Goof Off • Cheese Confesses • Make a Wish • Music in the Treetops • Find the Music in You • Flim Flam Miracle Curative Tonic • The rappin' Hist'ry of the Wonderbolts • You'll Play Your Part • Let the Rainbow Remind You

第五季In Our Town • Make This Castle A Home • I'll Fly • Rules of Rarity • Sisterhood • We'll Make Our Mark（序曲） • The Vote • The Pony I Want to Be • Light of Your Cutie Mark • The Pony I Want to Be（重复） • We'll Make Our Mark • Equestria, the Land I Love • The Spectacle • The Magic Inside • Equestria, the Land I Love（重复） • Friends Are Always There For You

第六季Out On My Own • Hearth's Warming Eve Is Here Once Again • Say Goodbye to the Holiday • The Seeds of the Past (part 1 & 2) • Pinkie's Present • Luna's Future • Hearth's Warming Eve Is Here Once Again（重复） • Can I Do It On My Own • It's Gonna Work • Derby Racers • A Changeling Can Change • Find the Purpose in Your Life

第七季Best Friends Until the End of Time • Battle for Sugar Belle • You're In My Head Like a Catchy Song • Flawless • Blank Flanks Forever

第八季School of Friendship • Friendship Always Wins •  Your Heart Is in Two Places • Friendship U • We're Friendship Bound • A Kirin Tale • Just Can't Be a Dragon Here

最棒的礼物One More Day • The True Gift of Gifting

第九季The Place Where We Belong • Fit Right In • Better Way to Be Bad • Lotta Little Things • The Last Laugh • Being Big is All It Takes • The Magic of Friendship Grows

彩虹之旅Rainbow Roadtrip • The End of the Rainbow • Living in Color

小马国女孩

小马国女孩This Strange World • Equestria Girls • Time to Come Together • This is Our Big Night • A Friend for Life • My Little Pony Friends（删节）

彩虹摇滚让尾巴摇摆 • 快乐的完美一天 • Rainbow Rocks • Better Than Ever • Battle • Bad Counter Spell • Under Our Spell • Tricks Up My Sleeve • Awesome As I Wanna Be • Welcome to the Show • Rainbooms Battle • Shine Like Rainbows • Life is a Runway • 抛开过去 • Friendship Through the Ages

友谊大赛Friendship Games • CHS Rally Song • What More Is Out There? • ACADECA •  Unleash the Magic • Right There in Front of Me

无尽之森传奇The Legend of Everfree • The Midnight in Me • Embrace the Magic • We Will Stand For Everfree • Legend You Were Meant To Be • Hope Shines Eternal

特别篇热舞魔法 • We've Come So Far • Invisible • Photo Booth • All Good • True Original

动画短片快乐的完美一天 • 人生是场T台秀 • 抛开过去 • 友谊永存 • 科学怪暮 • 周一的阴郁 • 摇上一摇 • 演出疾驰不息 • 世界真小 • 善良共鸣 • Rise Up! • Room to Grow • 朝五晚九 • 另外一面 • 灵感彼岸 • 游艇逍遥 • 尽情奔跑 • 寻觅魔力 • 任雨狂 • 增添力量

我的小马驹大电影

We Got the Beat • We Got This Together • I'm the Friend You Need • Time to Be Awesome • One Small Thing • Open Up Your Eyes • Rainbow • Off To See The World

其他

书籍中的歌曲Laugh, Ponyacci, Laugh • Hearth's Warming Peeve • The Flim Flam Peelcore 8000 • It's the Pop • Rhythm of Our Names • Cold Hooves, Warm Hearts • Windy the Windigo • Talk to Your Friends

专辑歌曲True True Friend Winter Wrap-Up • It's a Pony Kind of Christmas • Jingle Bells • Deck the Halls • We Wish You a Merry Christmas • Silent Night • Twelve Days of Christmas • Last Year I Got Coal for Christmas • Jolly Ol' St. Nick • Days Gone By (Auld Lang Syne) • Thank You for Being a Friend • Can You Feel It • I'll Chase the Sky • No Better Feelin' • I'll Be Around • Neighsayer • Equestria

其他我的小马驹主题曲 • Equestria Girls（商业广告） • The Fresh Princess of Friendship • Happy Birthday to You! • Equestria Girls Forever • Saved by My Friends • 小马日常主题曲 • We Shine Brighter Together • Wild Heart Beats

专辑与单曲

Songs of Friendship and Magic • Songs of Ponyville • Rainbow Rocks - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack • Magical Friendship Tour • Equestria Girls - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack • Rainbow Rocks CD • Equestria Girls CD • Songs of Harmony • Friendship is Magic Remixed • 2015 Convention Collection • Friendship Games - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack • It's a Pony Kind of Christmas • Friendship is Magic Collection • Equestria Girls Collection • Pinkie Pie's Party Playlist • Legend of Everfree - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack • Explore Equestria: Greatest Hits • My Little Pony: The Movie (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) • My Little Pony: The Movie (Original Motion Picture Score) • DJ Pon-3 Presents: The Remixes Vol. 2 • DJ Pon-3 Presents: Halloween • Friendship is Magic: The Instrumentals • Equestria Girls: The Instrumentals • DJ Pon-3 Presents: The Remixes Vol.3 • DJ Pon-3 Presents: The Remixes Vol. 4

英文原文：We Shine Brighter Together