# We'll Make Our Mark

对于序曲，参阅We'll Make Our Mark（序曲）。

We'll Make Our Mark

剧集
可爱远征
角色
可爱标记童子军
云宝黛茜
瑞瑞
苹果杰克
珠玉冠冠 （仅限删节段）
演唱
米歇尔·克雷伯
克莱尔·科利特
玛德琳·彼得斯
艾希莉·波尔
和美·埃文斯
钱塔尔·斯特兰 （仅限删节段）
音乐
丹尼尔·英格拉姆
克莱布·钱（管弦乐）
Trevor Hoffman（声乐编排）
歌词
丹尼尔·英格拉姆
艾米·基廷·罗杰斯
调号
E大调
长度
2:35
季
第五季
剧集对白
可爱远征
BMI Work ID
21478197

《We'll Make Our Mark》是《我的小马驹：友谊就是魔法》第五季的第十一首歌曲，也是第十八集“可爱远征”六首歌曲中的第六首。在振奋人心的结局中，可爱标记童子军终于获得了她们的可爱标记，她们同全小马镇的居民一起欢庆。

制作

关于这首歌，艾米·基廷·罗杰斯的灵感来源于音乐片《发胶星梦》中的“You Can't Stop the Beat”。[1]

2015年11月，丹尼尔·英格拉姆放出了一段当时被删节的歌词，由珠玉冠冠演唱。[2]BronyCon 2017的Music Men版块播放了这一段删节歌词。[3]

歌词

  

[可爱标记童子军]

We were searching for our cutie marks

For a while there

Trying to find out how we fit in

So many ways we've tried before

But we kept on trying more

'Cause the Cutie Mark Crusaders don't give in

[飞板璐]

Now we know what it took all along

[甜贝儿]

And our journey here is never really done

[小苹花]

For it is more than just a mark

It's a place for us to start

[可爱标记童子军]

An adventure that has only just begun

We'll make our mark

Show the world what we can do

We'll make our mark

Helping fillies to break through

To the ultimate reward of a cutie mark

萍琪派: All right, everypony! Get ready for the biggest cute-ceañera celebration ever!

[ponies cheering]

苹果杰克: Oh, sugarcube, if Mom and Dad were here, they'd be so proud of ya.

小苹花: Oh... Thanks, Applejack.

苹果杰克: Now go on and party with your pals.

[云宝黛茜]

I'm so proud of you, little buddy

You've taught me a thing or two

[瑞瑞]

You've inspired everypony around you

And you've inspired me too

[云宝黛茜、瑞瑞和苹果杰克]

You've made your mark

Done Equestria so proud

You've made your mark

And we're here to sing it loud

For the ultimate reward of your cutie mark

小苹花: Well, what do you think, Crusaders? Were these cutie marks totally worth waiting for or what?

甜贝儿: Yeah! I can't wait to see who we're gonna help next!

[可爱标记童子军]

We started out just three

Crusaders driven to see

What we find in our hearts

Discover our destiny

And here we are, best friends

About to start it again

An adventure that never will end

We'll make our mark

Helping fillies most in need

We'll make our mark

So each one of them succeeds

'Cause the ultimate reward is a cutie mark!

删节歌词

[珠玉冠冠]

Cutie Mark Crusaders, I've got

Something I need to say

I was headed down a path

That was leadin' me astray

But now, I've changed my ideas

You helped me see I care

I'm gonna show the world

How much I have to share

You've made your mark

And showed me a better way

You've made your mark

Helped me see how I could change

All I thought I ever knew of my cutie mark!

参考

↑ Amy Keating Rogers (2015-10-10). They tune in my head while writing the lyrics for “Make Our Mark” I had “You Can’t Stop the Beat” from Hairspray in my head.. Twitter. 于2015年10月10日检索.

↑ Daniel Ingram (2015-11-15). Here's the last song.... Facebook. 于2015年11月16日检索.

↑ Applegeek (2017-08-13). We'll Make Our Mark - Missing Diamond Tiara Verse. YouTube. 于2017年8月13日检索.

我的小马驹：友谊就是魔法 — 歌曲

友谊就是魔法

第一季Laughter Song • Pinkie's Gala Fantasy Song • The Ticket Song • Hop Skip and Jump song • Evil Enchantress song • Winter Wrap Up • Cupcake Song • Art of the Dress • Hush Now Lullaby • Cutie Mark Crusaders Song • You Got to Share, You Got to Care • So Many Wonders • Pinkie Pie's Singing Telegram • At the Gala • I'm at the Grand Galloping Gala • Pony Pokey

第二季Find A Pet Song • Becoming Popular (The Pony Everypony Should Know) • The Heart Carol • Happy Monthiversary • Piggy Dance • The Flim Flam Brothers • The Perfect Stallion • Smile Song • Cranky Doodle Donkey • Welcome Song • Cranky Doodle Joy • B.B.B.F.F. • This Day Aria, Part 1 • This Day Aria, Part 2 • Love Is In Bloom

第三季The Failure Song • The Ballad of the Crystal Empire • The Success Song • Babs Seed • Raise This Barn • Morning in Ponyville • What My Cutie Mark Is Telling Me • I've Got to Find a Way • A True, True Friend • Celestia's Ballad • Behold, Princess Twilight Sparkle • Life in Equestria

第四季Hearts Strong as Horses • Bats • Generosity • Apples to the Core • Glass of Water • Pinkie the Party Planner • The Super Duper Party Pony • Pinkie's Lament • The Goof Off • Cheese Confesses • Make a Wish • Music in the Treetops • Find the Music in You • Flim Flam Miracle Curative Tonic • The rappin' Hist'ry of the Wonderbolts • You'll Play Your Part • Let the Rainbow Remind You

第五季In Our Town • Make This Castle A Home • I'll Fly • Rules of Rarity • Sisterhood • We'll Make Our Mark（序曲） • The Vote • The Pony I Want to Be • Light of Your Cutie Mark • The Pony I Want to Be（重复） • We'll Make Our Mark • Equestria, the Land I Love • The Spectacle • The Magic Inside • Equestria, the Land I Love（重复） • Friends Are Always There For You

第六季Out On My Own • Hearth's Warming Eve Is Here Once Again • Say Goodbye to the Holiday • The Seeds of the Past (part 1 & 2) • Pinkie's Present • Luna's Future • Hearth's Warming Eve Is Here Once Again（重复） • Can I Do It On My Own • It's Gonna Work • Derby Racers • A Changeling Can Change • Find the Purpose in Your Life

第七季Best Friends Until the End of Time • Battle for Sugar Belle • You're In My Head Like a Catchy Song • Flawless • Blank Flanks Forever

第八季School of Friendship • Friendship Always Wins •  Your Heart Is in Two Places • Friendship U • We're Friendship Bound • A Kirin Tale • Just Can't Be a Dragon Here

最棒的礼物One More Day • The True Gift of Gifting

第九季The Place Where We Belong • Fit Right In • Better Way to Be Bad • Lotta Little Things • The Last Laugh • Being Big is All It Takes • The Magic of Friendship Grows

彩虹之旅Rainbow Roadtrip • The End of the Rainbow • Living in Color

小马国女孩

小马国女孩This Strange World • Equestria Girls • Time to Come Together • This is Our Big Night • A Friend for Life • My Little Pony Friends（删节）

彩虹摇滚让尾巴摇摆 • 快乐的完美一天 • Rainbow Rocks • Better Than Ever • Battle • Bad Counter Spell • Under Our Spell • Tricks Up My Sleeve • Awesome As I Wanna Be • Welcome to the Show • Rainbooms Battle • Shine Like Rainbows • Life is a Runway • 抛开过去 • Friendship Through the Ages

友谊大赛Friendship Games • CHS Rally Song • What More Is Out There? • ACADECA •  Unleash the Magic • Right There in Front of Me

无尽之森传奇The Legend of Everfree • The Midnight in Me • Embrace the Magic • We Will Stand For Everfree • Legend You Were Meant To Be • Hope Shines Eternal

特别篇热舞魔法 • We've Come So Far • Invisible • Photo Booth • All Good • True Original

动画短片快乐的完美一天 • 人生是场T台秀 • 抛开过去 • 友谊永存 • 科学怪暮 • 周一的阴郁 • 摇上一摇 • 演出疾驰不息 • 世界真小 • 善良共鸣 • Rise Up! • Room to Grow • 朝五晚九 • 另外一面 • 灵感彼岸 • 游艇逍遥 • 尽情奔跑 • 寻觅魔力 • 任雨狂 • 增添力量

我的小马驹大电影

We Got the Beat • We Got This Together • I'm the Friend You Need • Time to Be Awesome • One Small Thing • Open Up Your Eyes • Rainbow • Off To See The World

其他

书籍中的歌曲Laugh, Ponyacci, Laugh • Hearth's Warming Peeve • The Flim Flam Peelcore 8000 • It's the Pop • Rhythm of Our Names • Cold Hooves, Warm Hearts • Windy the Windigo • Talk to Your Friends

专辑歌曲True True Friend Winter Wrap-Up • It's a Pony Kind of Christmas • Jingle Bells • Deck the Halls • We Wish You a Merry Christmas • Silent Night • Twelve Days of Christmas • Last Year I Got Coal for Christmas • Jolly Ol' St. Nick • Days Gone By (Auld Lang Syne) • Thank You for Being a Friend • Can You Feel It • I'll Chase the Sky • No Better Feelin' • I'll Be Around • Neighsayer • Equestria

其他我的小马驹主题曲 • Equestria Girls（商业广告） • The Fresh Princess of Friendship • Happy Birthday to You! • Equestria Girls Forever • Saved by My Friends • 小马日常主题曲 • We Shine Brighter Together • Wild Heart Beats

专辑与单曲

Songs of Friendship and Magic • Songs of Ponyville • Rainbow Rocks - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack • Magical Friendship Tour • Equestria Girls - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack • Rainbow Rocks CD • Equestria Girls CD • Songs of Harmony • Friendship is Magic Remixed • 2015 Convention Collection • Friendship Games - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack • It's a Pony Kind of Christmas • Friendship is Magic Collection • Equestria Girls Collection • Pinkie Pie's Party Playlist • Legend of Everfree - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack • Explore Equestria: Greatest Hits • My Little Pony: The Movie (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) • My Little Pony: The Movie (Original Motion Picture Score) • DJ Pon-3 Presents: The Remixes Vol. 2 • DJ Pon-3 Presents: Halloween • Friendship is Magic: The Instrumentals • Equestria Girls: The Instrumentals • DJ Pon-3 Presents: The Remixes Vol.3 • DJ Pon-3 Presents: The Remixes Vol. 4

英文原文：We'll Make Our Mark