# 善良共鸣

对于其他动画短片，参阅小马国女孩：夏日短片。

善良共鸣
Good Vibes

短片
小马国女孩：夏日短片
角色
苹果杰克
瑞瑞
余晖烁烁
暮光闪闪
云宝黛茜
小蝶
萍琪派
演唱
艾希莉·波尔
和美·埃文斯
丽贝卡·萧伊凯特
安德烈娅·利布曼
珊农·陈-肯特
制作
伊施·鲁德尔（导演）
卡特里娜·哈德利（导演）
埃德·瓦伦廷（剧情梗概）[1]
Tori Grant（分镜）[2]
音乐
丹尼尔·英格拉姆
歌词
丹尼尔·英格拉姆[3][4]
调号
D大调
长度
2:09
发布日期
2017年9月22日
短片对白
小马国女孩：夏日短片

《善良共鸣》（英语：Good Vibes）是《小马国女孩：夏日短片》同名音乐短片中的歌曲。该短片于2017年9月22日在“Discovery Family GO!”应用上首播。歌曲由小马国女孩演唱。

制作

根据副导演卡特里娜·哈德利的说法，剧集的原标题为《友谊的涟漪》（Waves of Friendship）。[4]

短片概要

在坎特拉商场中，心灰意冷的疾电阿绅看到崔克茜搬着一堆沉重的东西步履维艰，便向她伸出援手。他的行为产生了连锁反应，将善意传达给了商场中的其他人。最后，余晖烁烁给他带来了寿司便当哄他开心，这种多米诺效应转了一圈回到了他自己身上。

歌词

[苹果杰克]

The truth that we have come to know

Starts out small, but watch it grow

[瑞瑞]

Taking time to help each other

Brings us close to one another

[合唱]

Beginning now starts something new

Good deeds done out of the blue

Put your kindness to the test

You'll be amazed what happens next

One small word can brighten the world around you

One big smile can change someone's day

A helping hand goes farther than you can dream

Good vibes, so many different waves

[余晖烁烁]

Moments that you don't expect

Spirits down, you're in the depths

The world feels like it's lost the light

But little things can make it right

[合唱]

Think of all the lives you've touched

They come 'round and twice as much

Friendship makes the world get lighter

Blur the lines and make it brighter

One small word can brighten the world around you

One big smile can change someone's day

A helping hand goes farther than you can dream

Good vibes, so many different waves

It only takes a moment to make someone's day

Good vibes, good vibes

It keeps us growing stronger, so let's hear you say

Good vibes, good vibes

One small word can brighten the world around you

One big smile can change someone's day

A helping hand goes farther than you can dream

Good vibes, so many dif-fer-ent waves

参考

↑ 卡特里娜·哈德利 (2017-09-27). Daniel Ingram: song. Ed Valentine: story outline. Storyboard artist was Tori Grant.. Twitter. 于2017年9月28日检索.

↑ 卡特里娜·哈德利 (2017-09-23). That's cause we had YOU storyboard it! BABY's first storyboard!! I'm so proud.. Twitter. 于2017年9月23日检索.

↑ Katrina Hadley (2017-09-23). He did Waves of Friendship. But yes! We had some new song writers for these!. Twitter. 于2017年9月23日检索.

↑ 4.0 4.1 Katrina Hadley (2017-09-23). Yes sorry! Good Vibes! Waves of friendship was an old working title. Forgive me, it been a while since we completed these.. Twitter. 于2017年9月23日检索.

我的小马驹：友谊就是魔法 — 歌曲

友谊就是魔法

第一季Laughter Song • Pinkie's Gala Fantasy Song • The Ticket Song • Hop Skip and Jump song • Evil Enchantress song • Winter Wrap Up • Cupcake Song • Art of the Dress • Hush Now Lullaby • Cutie Mark Crusaders Song • You Got to Share, You Got to Care • So Many Wonders • Pinkie Pie's Singing Telegram • At the Gala • I'm at the Grand Galloping Gala • Pony Pokey

第二季Find A Pet Song • Becoming Popular (The Pony Everypony Should Know) • The Heart Carol • Happy Monthiversary • Piggy Dance • The Flim Flam Brothers • The Perfect Stallion • Smile Song • Cranky Doodle Donkey • Welcome Song • Cranky Doodle Joy • B.B.B.F.F. • This Day Aria, Part 1 • This Day Aria, Part 2 • Love Is In Bloom

第三季The Failure Song • The Ballad of the Crystal Empire • The Success Song • Babs Seed • Raise This Barn • Morning in Ponyville • What My Cutie Mark Is Telling Me • I've Got to Find a Way • A True, True Friend • Celestia's Ballad • Behold, Princess Twilight Sparkle • Life in Equestria

第四季Hearts Strong as Horses • Bats • Generosity • Apples to the Core • Glass of Water • Pinkie the Party Planner • The Super Duper Party Pony • Pinkie's Lament • The Goof Off • Cheese Confesses • Make a Wish • Music in the Treetops • Find the Music in You • Flim Flam Miracle Curative Tonic • The rappin' Hist'ry of the Wonderbolts • You'll Play Your Part • Let the Rainbow Remind You

第五季In Our Town • Make This Castle A Home • I'll Fly • Rules of Rarity • Sisterhood • We'll Make Our Mark（序曲） • The Vote • The Pony I Want to Be • Light of Your Cutie Mark • The Pony I Want to Be（重复） • We'll Make Our Mark • Equestria, the Land I Love • The Spectacle • The Magic Inside • Equestria, the Land I Love（重复） • Friends Are Always There For You

第六季Out On My Own • Hearth's Warming Eve Is Here Once Again • Say Goodbye to the Holiday • The Seeds of the Past (part 1 & 2) • Pinkie's Present • Luna's Future • Hearth's Warming Eve Is Here Once Again（重复） • Can I Do It On My Own • It's Gonna Work • Derby Racers • A Changeling Can Change • Find the Purpose in Your Life

第七季Best Friends Until the End of Time • Battle for Sugar Belle • You're In My Head Like a Catchy Song • Flawless • Blank Flanks Forever

第八季School of Friendship • Friendship Always Wins •  Your Heart Is in Two Places • Friendship U • We're Friendship Bound • A Kirin Tale • Just Can't Be a Dragon Here

最棒的礼物One More Day • The True Gift of Gifting

第九季The Place Where We Belong • Fit Right In • Better Way to Be Bad • Lotta Little Things • The Last Laugh • Being Big is All It Takes • The Magic of Friendship Grows

彩虹之旅Rainbow Roadtrip • The End of the Rainbow • Living in Color

小马国女孩

小马国女孩This Strange World • Equestria Girls • Time to Come Together • This is Our Big Night • A Friend for Life • My Little Pony Friends（删节）

彩虹摇滚让尾巴摇摆 • 快乐的完美一天 • Rainbow Rocks • Better Than Ever • Battle • Bad Counter Spell • Under Our Spell • Tricks Up My Sleeve • Awesome As I Wanna Be • Welcome to the Show • Rainbooms Battle • Shine Like Rainbows • Life is a Runway • 抛开过去 • Friendship Through the Ages

友谊大赛Friendship Games • CHS Rally Song • What More Is Out There? • ACADECA •  Unleash the Magic • Right There in Front of Me

无尽之森传奇The Legend of Everfree • The Midnight in Me • Embrace the Magic • We Will Stand For Everfree • Legend You Were Meant To Be • Hope Shines Eternal

特别篇热舞魔法 • We've Come So Far • Invisible • Photo Booth • All Good • True Original

动画短片快乐的完美一天 • 人生是场T台秀 • 抛开过去 • 友谊永存 • 科学怪暮 • 周一的阴郁 • 摇上一摇 • 演出疾驰不息 • 世界真小 • 善良共鸣 • Rise Up! • Room to Grow • 朝五晚九 • 另外一面 • 灵感彼岸 • 游艇逍遥 • 尽情奔跑 • 寻觅魔力 • 任雨狂 • 增添力量

我的小马驹大电影

We Got the Beat • We Got This Together • I'm the Friend You Need • Time to Be Awesome • One Small Thing • Open Up Your Eyes • Rainbow • Off To See The World

其他

书籍中的歌曲Laugh, Ponyacci, Laugh • Hearth's Warming Peeve • The Flim Flam Peelcore 8000 • It's the Pop • Rhythm of Our Names • Cold Hooves, Warm Hearts • Windy the Windigo • Talk to Your Friends

专辑歌曲True True Friend Winter Wrap-Up • It's a Pony Kind of Christmas • Jingle Bells • Deck the Halls • We Wish You a Merry Christmas • Silent Night • Twelve Days of Christmas • Last Year I Got Coal for Christmas • Jolly Ol' St. Nick • Days Gone By (Auld Lang Syne) • Thank You for Being a Friend • Can You Feel It • I'll Chase the Sky • No Better Feelin' • I'll Be Around • Neighsayer • Equestria

其他我的小马驹主题曲 • Equestria Girls（商业广告） • The Fresh Princess of Friendship • Happy Birthday to You! • Equestria Girls Forever • Saved by My Friends • 小马日常主题曲 • We Shine Brighter Together • Wild Heart Beats

专辑与单曲

Songs of Friendship and Magic • Songs of Ponyville • Rainbow Rocks - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack • Magical Friendship Tour • Equestria Girls - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack • Rainbow Rocks CD • Equestria Girls CD • Songs of Harmony • Friendship is Magic Remixed • 2015 Convention Collection • Friendship Games - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack • It's a Pony Kind of Christmas • Friendship is Magic Collection • Equestria Girls Collection • Pinkie Pie's Party Playlist • Legend of Everfree - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack • Explore Equestria: Greatest Hits • My Little Pony: The Movie (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) • My Little Pony: The Movie (Original Motion Picture Score) • DJ Pon-3 Presents: The Remixes Vol. 2 • DJ Pon-3 Presents: Halloween • Friendship is Magic: The Instrumentals • Equestria Girls: The Instrumentals • DJ Pon-3 Presents: The Remixes Vol.3 • DJ Pon-3 Presents: The Remixes Vol. 4

英文原文：Good Vibes