# 微笑歌

Smile Song

剧集
真心朋友
角色
萍琪派
镇上小马
演唱
珊农·陈-肯特
安德烈娅·利布曼
Choir 2[1]
音乐
丹尼尔·英格拉姆
斯特凡·安德鲁（管弦乐）
歌词
艾米·基廷·罗杰斯
调号
降E大调，E大调
长度
3:22
专辑
Songs of Friendship and Magic
季
第二季
剧集对白
真心朋友
BMI Work ID
14998076

《Smile Song》[2]是一首出现于“真心朋友”一集的歌曲。这首歌被《我的小马驹》剧组称为“Smile”，由萍琪派演唱，表达了萍琪对于欢笑、快乐以及朋友的喜爱。歌曲里，萍琪带着微笑从小马镇穿行而过，途中她同几只小马打了招呼，哄高兴了伤心的孩子，还帮苹果杰克给谷仓刷好了漆。到了歌曲结尾，一大群面带微笑的背景小马和主要角色全部聚集到萍琪派身旁，高声献唱。歌曲刚一结束，萍琪便初遇坏脾气。

创作及二次使用

此歌曲由用户“Veronica Dela Cruz”于2011年11月7日上传至油管，但随后很快被删除。这次泄漏事件使得孩之宝对剧组内艺术人员放出的资料进行了“严肃处理”。[3]

此歌曲作为单曲收录于《My Little Pony Friendship is Magic: Pinkie Pie Party》[4]、《My Little Pony Friendship is Magic: Season Two Disc 4》（此处名为“Smile, Smile, Smile!”）两部DVD。

此歌曲的音乐又在Hub Network网站上的游戏《Pinkie Pie's Cupcake Maker》中使用。iOS及安卓版本的《My Little Pony》在标题画面都可以听见此歌曲的伴奏版本。

“派对争锋”一集中，起司三明治在《The Goof Off》一歌中途唱了一段此歌曲的波尔卡改编版。

此歌曲为专辑《Songs of Friendship and Magic》的第三首歌曲，标题为“The Smile Song”。此外，黑胶唱片《Magical Friendship Tour》露娜版本B面的第二首歌和《My Little Pony 2015 Convention Collection》的第二首歌也是此歌。

此歌曲的伴奏版本在《My Little Pony: Puzzle Party》中萍琪主题关卡中可以听见。

歌词

  歌曲中的萍琪派

[萍琪派]

My name is Pinkie Pie (Hello!)

And I am here to say (How ya doin'?)

I'm gonna make you smile and I will brighten up your day

It doesn't matter now (What's up?)

If you are sad or blue (Howdy!)

'Cause cheering up my friends is just what Pinkie's here to do

'Cause I love to make you smile, smile, smile

Yes I do

It fills my heart with sunshine all the while

Yes it does

'Cause all I really need's a smile, smile, smile

From these happy friends of mine

I like to see you grin (Awesome!)

I love to see you beam (Rock on!)

The corners of your mouth turned up is always Pinkie's dream (Hoof bump!)

But if you're kind of worried

And your face has made a frown

I'll work real hard and do my best to turn that sad frown upside down

'Cause I love to make you grin, grin, grin

Yes I do

Bust it out from ear to ear let it begin

Just give me a joyful grin, grin, grin

And you fill me with good cheer

It's true some days are dark and lonely

And maybe you feel sad

But Pinkie will be there to show you that it isn't that bad

There's one thing that makes me happy and makes my whole life worthwhile

And that's when I talk to my friends and get them to smile

I really am so happy

Your smile fills me with glee

I give a smile I get a smile

And that's so special to me

'Cause I love to see you beam, beam, beam

Yes I do

Tell me what more can I say

To make you see

That I do

It makes me happy when you beam, beam, beam

Yes it always makes my day

Come on everypony smile, smile, smile

Fill my heart up with sunshine, sunshine

All I really need's a smile, smile, smile

From these happy friends of mine

[萍琪派与合唱]

Come on everypony smile, smile, smile

Fill my heart up with sunshine, sunshine

All I really need's a smile, smile, smile

From these happy friends of mine

[萍琪派]

Yes the perfect gift for me

Is a smile as wide as a mile

To make me happy as can be

[合唱]

Come on everypony smile, smile, smile

Fill my heart up with sunshine, sunshine

All I really need's a smile, smile, smile

From these happy friends of

[萍琪派与合唱]

Smile, smile, smile, smile, smile

[萍琪派]

Come on and smile

Come on and smile

初版歌词

在2012年的夏季BronyCon上，剧组编剧艾米·基廷·罗杰斯将此歌曲的初版歌词展示出来，并用与上映版本不同的韵律、节奏亲自演唱了一遍。初版歌词重点叙述了小马镇的生活。[5]

[萍琪派]

My name is Pinkie Pie (Hello!)

And I am here to say (How ya doin'?)

I'm gonna make you smile, and I will brighten up your day (Bonjour!)

It doesn't matter now (What's up?)

If you are sad or blue (Howdy pard'ner!)

'Cause cheering up my friends is just what Pinkie's here to do

'Cause I love to make you smile, smile, smile

Fills my heart up with sunshine, shine, shine

All I really need's a smile, smile, smile

From these happy friends of mine

I like to see you grin (Awesome!)

And I would love to see you beam (Rock on!)

Seein' the corners of your mouth turned up

Is always Pinkie's dream (Hoof-bump!)

But if you're kind of worried (Oh no!)

And your face has made a frown (Hold on!)

I'll work real hard and I do my best

To turn that sad frown upside down

'Cause I love to make you grin, grin, grin

Bust it out from ear to ea-ea-ear

Just give me a joyful gri-i-in

And you fill me with good cheer

It's true, some days are dark and gloomy

And maybe you feel sad

But Pinkie will be there to show you it really isn't bad

There's one thing that makes me so happy

And makes my life worthwhile

And that's when I talk to my friends and I get them to smile

萍琪派: Did you finally get that nasty cough cleared up there, Derpy Doo?

小呆: Yes! I followed your advice and drank Zecora's no-cough brew!

萍琪派: Your new haircut's really cool there, Hairy, Lookin' super-fly!

哈利: Wow I can't believe you noticed! You're the best friend, Pinkie Pie!

萍琪派: Hey there, Shimmy Shake! How did Twist do on her last spelling test?

Shimmy Shake: Thanks for asking, Pinkie Pie! This time she really did her best.

萍琪派: Hey there Rarity, I really like your super sense of style.

瑞瑞: Thank you, Pinkie Pie. You sure do know just how to make me smile!

萍琪派: Twilight, here's that book you wanted. It's about this great white whale! Hello, Spike, so nice to see you! Wow! I love your shiny scales! Fluttershy, I found a lost friend.

小蝶: Bunny, I'll take care of you!

萍琪派: Applejack, tell Granny Smith I loved that tasty Apple Stew! Polo Ponies, best of luck! I know your game will go just great!

Polo Ponies: When we win, we want you here so you can help us celebrate!

萍琪派: Hey there rooster, that sure was a super cock-a-doodle-doo! And, hey cows, I gotta thank you all for bustin' out a moo.

奶牛: Moo!

萍琪派: You chickens lay great eggs. And pigs, you really are fine swine. And seeing you all smile is really making me feel really fine!

[萍琪派]

I really am so happy (Woo hoo!)

Your smile fills me with glee (Whoopee!)

I give a smile, and I get a smile

And that's so special to me

Thank you all for being friendly (Tee hee!)

And for making my day bright (Uh hunh!)

Spreading joy out to all my friends

Makes me feel out of sight

'Cause I love to see you beam, beam, beam

Tell me what more can I say-ay-ay

Makes me happy when you bea-ea-eam

Yes, it always makes my day!

[萍琪派与合唱]

Yes, I love to make you grin, grin, grin

Bust it out from ear to ea-ea-ear

Just give me a joyful grin, grin, grin

And you fill me with good cheer

Come on everypony smile, smile, smile

Fill my heart up with sunshine, shine, shine

All I really need's a smile, smile, smile

From these happy friends of mine!

[萍琪派]

Yes, the perfect gift for me

Is a smile wide as a mile

Make me happy as can be

All you have to do is smile

Smile! Smile!

参考

↑ Michelle Creber on Facebook (2012-02-19). 于2012年2月19日检索.

↑ Daniel Ingram commenting on the Smile Song on his Facebook page (2012-02-18). 于2012年2月18日检索.

↑ Sabrina Alberghetti discusses her absence from the fan community (2011-11-27). 于2012年5月3日检索.

↑ Michael Doherty (2013-01-22). My Little Pony: Friendship Is Magic: “Pinkie Pie Party” DVD Review. Pop Culture Beast. 于2013年1月25日检索.

↑ Smile Song Lyrics by Amy Keating Rogers (2012-07-05). 于2012年7月5日检索.

我的小马驹：友谊就是魔法 — 歌曲

友谊就是魔法

第一季Laughter Song • Pinkie's Gala Fantasy Song • The Ticket Song • Hop Skip and Jump song • Evil Enchantress song • Winter Wrap Up • Cupcake Song • Art of the Dress • Hush Now Lullaby • Cutie Mark Crusaders Song • You Got to Share, You Got to Care • So Many Wonders • Pinkie Pie's Singing Telegram • At the Gala • I'm at the Grand Galloping Gala • Pony Pokey

第二季Find A Pet Song • Becoming Popular (The Pony Everypony Should Know) • The Heart Carol • Happy Monthiversary • Piggy Dance • The Flim Flam Brothers • The Perfect Stallion • Smile Song • Cranky Doodle Donkey • Welcome Song • Cranky Doodle Joy • B.B.B.F.F. • This Day Aria, Part 1 • This Day Aria, Part 2 • Love Is In Bloom

第三季The Failure Song • The Ballad of the Crystal Empire • The Success Song • Babs Seed • Raise This Barn • Morning in Ponyville • What My Cutie Mark Is Telling Me • I've Got to Find a Way • A True, True Friend • Celestia's Ballad • Behold, Princess Twilight Sparkle • Life in Equestria

第四季Hearts Strong as Horses • Bats • Generosity • Apples to the Core • Glass of Water • Pinkie the Party Planner • The Super Duper Party Pony • Pinkie's Lament • The Goof Off • Cheese Confesses • Make a Wish • Music in the Treetops • Find the Music in You • Flim Flam Miracle Curative Tonic • The rappin' Hist'ry of the Wonderbolts • You'll Play Your Part • Let the Rainbow Remind You

第五季In Our Town • Make This Castle A Home • I'll Fly • Rules of Rarity • Sisterhood • We'll Make Our Mark（序曲） • The Vote • The Pony I Want to Be • Light of Your Cutie Mark • The Pony I Want to Be（重复） • We'll Make Our Mark • Equestria, the Land I Love • The Spectacle • The Magic Inside • Equestria, the Land I Love（重复） • Friends Are Always There For You

第六季Out On My Own • Hearth's Warming Eve Is Here Once Again • Say Goodbye to the Holiday • The Seeds of the Past (part 1 & 2) • Pinkie's Present • Luna's Future • Hearth's Warming Eve Is Here Once Again（重复） • Can I Do It On My Own • It's Gonna Work • Derby Racers • A Changeling Can Change • Find the Purpose in Your Life

第七季Best Friends Until the End of Time • Battle for Sugar Belle • You're In My Head Like a Catchy Song • Flawless • Blank Flanks Forever

第八季School of Friendship • Friendship Always Wins •  Your Heart Is in Two Places • Friendship U • We're Friendship Bound • A Kirin Tale • Just Can't Be a Dragon Here

最棒的礼物One More Day • The True Gift of Gifting

第九季The Place Where We Belong • Fit Right In • Better Way to Be Bad • Lotta Little Things • The Last Laugh • Being Big is All It Takes • The Magic of Friendship Grows

彩虹之旅Rainbow Roadtrip • The End of the Rainbow • Living in Color

小马国女孩

小马国女孩This Strange World • Equestria Girls • Time to Come Together • This is Our Big Night • A Friend for Life • My Little Pony Friends（删节）

彩虹摇滚让尾巴摇摆 • 快乐的完美一天 • Rainbow Rocks • Better Than Ever • Battle • Bad Counter Spell • Under Our Spell • Tricks Up My Sleeve • Awesome As I Wanna Be • Welcome to the Show • Rainbooms Battle • Shine Like Rainbows • Life is a Runway • 抛开过去 • Friendship Through the Ages

友谊大赛Friendship Games • CHS Rally Song • What More Is Out There? • ACADECA •  Unleash the Magic • Right There in Front of Me

无尽之森传奇The Legend of Everfree • The Midnight in Me • Embrace the Magic • We Will Stand For Everfree • Legend You Were Meant To Be • Hope Shines Eternal

特别篇热舞魔法 • We've Come So Far • Invisible • Photo Booth • All Good • True Original

动画短片快乐的完美一天 • 人生是场T台秀 • 抛开过去 • 友谊永存 • 科学怪暮 • 周一的阴郁 • 摇上一摇 • 演出疾驰不息 • 世界真小 • 善良共鸣 • Rise Up! • Room to Grow • 朝五晚九 • 另外一面 • 灵感彼岸 • 游艇逍遥 • 尽情奔跑 • 寻觅魔力 • 任雨狂 • 增添力量

我的小马驹大电影

We Got the Beat • We Got This Together • I'm the Friend You Need • Time to Be Awesome • One Small Thing • Open Up Your Eyes • Rainbow • Off To See The World

其他

书籍中的歌曲Laugh, Ponyacci, Laugh • Hearth's Warming Peeve • The Flim Flam Peelcore 8000 • It's the Pop • Rhythm of Our Names • Cold Hooves, Warm Hearts • Windy the Windigo • Talk to Your Friends

专辑歌曲True True Friend Winter Wrap-Up • It's a Pony Kind of Christmas • Jingle Bells • Deck the Halls • We Wish You a Merry Christmas • Silent Night • Twelve Days of Christmas • Last Year I Got Coal for Christmas • Jolly Ol' St. Nick • Days Gone By (Auld Lang Syne) • Thank You for Being a Friend • Can You Feel It • I'll Chase the Sky • No Better Feelin' • I'll Be Around • Neighsayer • Equestria

其他我的小马驹主题曲 • Equestria Girls（商业广告） • The Fresh Princess of Friendship • Happy Birthday to You! • Equestria Girls Forever • Saved by My Friends • 小马日常主题曲 • We Shine Brighter Together • Wild Heart Beats

专辑与单曲

Songs of Friendship and Magic • Songs of Ponyville • Rainbow Rocks - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack • Magical Friendship Tour • Equestria Girls - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack • Rainbow Rocks CD • Equestria Girls CD • Songs of Harmony • Friendship is Magic Remixed • 2015 Convention Collection • Friendship Games - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack • It's a Pony Kind of Christmas • Friendship is Magic Collection • Equestria Girls Collection • Pinkie Pie's Party Playlist • Legend of Everfree - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack • Explore Equestria: Greatest Hits • My Little Pony: The Movie (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) • My Little Pony: The Movie (Original Motion Picture Score) • DJ Pon-3 Presents: The Remixes Vol. 2 • DJ Pon-3 Presents: Halloween • Friendship is Magic: The Instrumentals • Equestria Girls: The Instrumentals • DJ Pon-3 Presents: The Remixes Vol.3 • DJ Pon-3 Presents: The Remixes Vol. 4

英文原文：Smile Song