# 快乐的完美一天

对于其余电影附属动画短片，参阅《小马国女孩：彩虹摇滚》附属动画短片。

快乐的完美一天
Perfect Day for Fun

剧集
《小马国女孩：彩虹摇滚》附属动画短片
角色
虹爆乐团
演唱
丽贝卡·萧伊凯特
艾希莉·波尔
和美·埃文斯
安德烈娅·利布曼
珊农·陈-肯特
制作
Emmett Hall（分镜）[1]
音乐
丹尼尔·英格拉姆
歌词
艾米·基廷·罗杰斯
丹尼尔·英格拉姆[2]
调号
C大调、D大调
长度
2:02
发布日期
2014年6月19日（YouTube）
2015年5月30日（Discovery Family）
剧集对白
《小马国女孩：彩虹摇滚》附属动画短片
BMI Work ID
17338613

《快乐的完美一天》（英语：Perfect Day for Fun）是一首出现于《小马国女孩：彩虹摇滚》同名附属动画短片中的一首歌曲，由虹爆乐团演奏。与《让尾巴摇摆》类似，在《彩虹摇滚》附属动画短片的改编小说中也出现了本曲，不过歌词与电影中的略为不同。

短片作为《彩虹摇滚》电影的捆绑品放出，为首先发布的八部短片之一。此短片首先在2014年6月18日由拉丁美洲西班牙语My Little Pony Equestria Girls ES Youtube频道发布西班牙语版本，[3]2014年6月19日作为八部中的最后一部由Hasbro Studios Shorts YouTube频道发布英文版，2014年7月2日作为八部中的第七部由My Little Pony脸谱页面发布，[4]总的来看是八部中最后一部发布的短片。

在广播音乐公司的网站上本曲名为“With My Best Friends”。

制作

短片被该片为《彩虹摇滚》改编小说的第一章，要先于短片本身几个月发布。据书中内容，连同《让尾巴摇摆》，暮光和斯派克出现在短片中纯粹处于幻想，她因为过于思念坎特拉高中的朋友，于是想象能与她们在一起。

动画短片剧情简介

这部短片是一部MV，其中暮光闪闪和她的人类朋友在坎特拉高中的晚间嘉年华上愉快玩耍。除了苹果杰克以外，其他五人在短片中均无对话，而她们都通过短信相互交流。其中穿插着她们在舞台上唱歌、耍乐器的画面。

苹果杰克和云宝黛茜两人跃跃欲试，要来一场大力士游戏；最后反倒被小狗斯派克击败。小蝶在玩打地鼠，但她并不拿锤子去打，而是上手去摸。不过她却打飞了暮光手上的无序毛绒玩偶。萍琪派和瑞瑞则在享用棉花糖。最终六位朋友在两间照相亭处碰面，一起拍了照。

当这几位姑娘上台演唱时，嘉年华里所有人都随之起舞。暮光手机上的照片里，这六位朋友在嘉年华的各类游戏中都玩得很愉快。在歌曲结尾，斯派克、疾电阿绅、可爱标记童子军、麦金塔大哥、车厘子、史密斯婆婆、崔克茜、DJ-3号和露娜副校长都来照了一张集体照。短片在暮光和他的朋友们坐着摩天轮，看着照片的场景中结束。

歌词

动画短片版本

[虹爆]

Oh, aw aw oh, oh, oh, aw oh uh

Oh, aw aw oh, oh, oh

Looking forward to some fun

Knowing all our friends will come

'Cause we're here to spend the day

Everybody come and play

Let's all pick a meeting place

And we're gonna have to race

Everybody follow me

This is where we're gonna be!

With my best friends, though we're different

We feel like we still belong

And every day it makes our friendship strong

Let's go find some games to win

Everybody's joining in

'Cause we're having such a blast

苹果杰克: Hey, did I just come in last?

[虹爆]

Doesn't matter win or lose

When we always are amused

My friends stand out in a crowd

Having fun and laughing loud!

With my best friends, we can depend

They will always follow through

It's a perfect day for fun when I spend it with you

Oh, aw aw oh, oh, oh, aw oh uh

Oh, aw aw oh, oh, oh

Taking photos with my friends

Never want this day to end

But the time is going fast

So come on and make it last

Get the band up on the stage

Doesn't matter what your age

Hear the music, now's your chance

Everybody start to dance!

With my best friends, though we're different

We feel like we still belong

And every day it makes our friendship strong

With my best friends, we can depend

They will always follow through

There's a guarantee for fun when I spend it with you

书籍版本

[苹果杰克]

With my best friends, we can depend

They will always follow through

There's a guarantee for fun

When I spend it with you

[云宝黛茜]

Hanging with my friends

[瑞瑞]

Setting all the trends

[瑞瑞和云宝黛茜]

Check this sweet emoticon

[全体]

With my best friends,

Though we're different,

We feel like we still belong,

And every day it makes our friendship strong.

Running 'round all through the day,

Singing music that we play

There is never time for rest

Because my friends are the best

Running 'round all through the day,

Singing music that we play

There is never time for rest

Because my friends are the best

Posting videos online

Of us goofing all the time

Friends like these are super cool,

'Cause my friends they really rule

[瑞瑞]

Texting kinda gets confused

[云宝黛茜]

But we always are amused

[全体]

My friends stand out in a crowd

Having fun and laughing loud

With my best friends, we can depend

They will always follow through

There's a guarantee for fun

When I spend it with you

[暮光闪闪]

With my best friends,

Though we're different,

We feel like we still belong,

And every day it makes our friendship strong.

With my best friends, we can depend

They will always follow through

There's a guarantee for fun

When I spend it with you

参考

↑ Ishi Rudell (2014-06-19). Last MLP EG short.... Twitter. 于2014年6月19日检索.

↑ Ishi Rudell (2014-06-19). @jasonbres original lyrics .... Twitter.

↑ MLP: Equestria Girls - Rainbow Rocks - "Un Día Perfecto Para la Diversión". YouTube (2014-06-18). 于2014年6月19日检索.

↑ My Little Pony. Facebook (2014-07-02). 于2014年7月2日检索.

我的小马驹：友谊就是魔法 — 歌曲

友谊就是魔法

第一季Laughter Song • Pinkie's Gala Fantasy Song • The Ticket Song • Hop Skip and Jump song • Evil Enchantress song • Winter Wrap Up • Cupcake Song • Art of the Dress • Hush Now Lullaby • Cutie Mark Crusaders Song • You Got to Share, You Got to Care • So Many Wonders • Pinkie Pie's Singing Telegram • At the Gala • I'm at the Grand Galloping Gala • Pony Pokey

第二季Find A Pet Song • Becoming Popular (The Pony Everypony Should Know) • The Heart Carol • Happy Monthiversary • Piggy Dance • The Flim Flam Brothers • The Perfect Stallion • Smile Song • Cranky Doodle Donkey • Welcome Song • Cranky Doodle Joy • B.B.B.F.F. • This Day Aria, Part 1 • This Day Aria, Part 2 • Love Is In Bloom

第三季The Failure Song • The Ballad of the Crystal Empire • The Success Song • Babs Seed • Raise This Barn • Morning in Ponyville • What My Cutie Mark Is Telling Me • I've Got to Find a Way • A True, True Friend • Celestia's Ballad • Behold, Princess Twilight Sparkle • Life in Equestria

第四季Hearts Strong as Horses • Bats • Generosity • Apples to the Core • Glass of Water • Pinkie the Party Planner • The Super Duper Party Pony • Pinkie's Lament • The Goof Off • Cheese Confesses • Make a Wish • Music in the Treetops • Find the Music in You • Flim Flam Miracle Curative Tonic • The rappin' Hist'ry of the Wonderbolts • You'll Play Your Part • Let the Rainbow Remind You

第五季In Our Town • Make This Castle A Home • I'll Fly • Rules of Rarity • Sisterhood • We'll Make Our Mark（序曲） • The Vote • The Pony I Want to Be • Light of Your Cutie Mark • The Pony I Want to Be（重复） • We'll Make Our Mark • Equestria, the Land I Love • The Spectacle • The Magic Inside • Equestria, the Land I Love（重复） • Friends Are Always There For You

第六季Out On My Own • Hearth's Warming Eve Is Here Once Again • Say Goodbye to the Holiday • The Seeds of the Past (part 1 & 2) • Pinkie's Present • Luna's Future • Hearth's Warming Eve Is Here Once Again（重复） • Can I Do It On My Own • It's Gonna Work • Derby Racers • A Changeling Can Change • Find the Purpose in Your Life

第七季Best Friends Until the End of Time • Battle for Sugar Belle • You're In My Head Like a Catchy Song • Flawless • Blank Flanks Forever

第八季School of Friendship • Friendship Always Wins •  Your Heart Is in Two Places • Friendship U • We're Friendship Bound • A Kirin Tale • Just Can't Be a Dragon Here

最棒的礼物One More Day • The True Gift of Gifting

第九季The Place Where We Belong • Fit Right In • Better Way to Be Bad • Lotta Little Things • The Last Laugh • Being Big is All It Takes • The Magic of Friendship Grows

彩虹之旅Rainbow Roadtrip • The End of the Rainbow • Living in Color

小马国女孩

小马国女孩This Strange World • Equestria Girls • Time to Come Together • This is Our Big Night • A Friend for Life • My Little Pony Friends（删节）

彩虹摇滚让尾巴摇摆 • 快乐的完美一天 • Rainbow Rocks • Better Than Ever • Battle • Bad Counter Spell • Under Our Spell • Tricks Up My Sleeve • Awesome As I Wanna Be • Welcome to the Show • Rainbooms Battle • Shine Like Rainbows • Life is a Runway • 抛开过去 • Friendship Through the Ages

友谊大赛Friendship Games • CHS Rally Song • What More Is Out There? • ACADECA •  Unleash the Magic • Right There in Front of Me

无尽之森传奇The Legend of Everfree • The Midnight in Me • Embrace the Magic • We Will Stand For Everfree • Legend You Were Meant To Be • Hope Shines Eternal

特别篇热舞魔法 • We've Come So Far • Invisible • Photo Booth • All Good • True Original

动画短片快乐的完美一天 • 人生是场T台秀 • 抛开过去 • 友谊永存 • 科学怪暮 • 周一的阴郁 • 摇上一摇 • 演出疾驰不息 • 世界真小 • 善良共鸣 • Rise Up! • Room to Grow • 朝五晚九 • 另外一面 • 灵感彼岸 • 游艇逍遥 • 尽情奔跑 • 寻觅魔力 • 任雨狂 • 增添力量

我的小马驹大电影

We Got the Beat • We Got This Together • I'm the Friend You Need • Time to Be Awesome • One Small Thing • Open Up Your Eyes • Rainbow • Off To See The World

其他

书籍中的歌曲Laugh, Ponyacci, Laugh • Hearth's Warming Peeve • The Flim Flam Peelcore 8000 • It's the Pop • Rhythm of Our Names • Cold Hooves, Warm Hearts • Windy the Windigo • Talk to Your Friends

专辑歌曲True True Friend Winter Wrap-Up • It's a Pony Kind of Christmas • Jingle Bells • Deck the Halls • We Wish You a Merry Christmas • Silent Night • Twelve Days of Christmas • Last Year I Got Coal for Christmas • Jolly Ol' St. Nick • Days Gone By (Auld Lang Syne) • Thank You for Being a Friend • Can You Feel It • I'll Chase the Sky • No Better Feelin' • I'll Be Around • Neighsayer • Equestria

其他我的小马驹主题曲 • Equestria Girls（商业广告） • The Fresh Princess of Friendship • Happy Birthday to You! • Equestria Girls Forever • Saved by My Friends • 小马日常主题曲 • We Shine Brighter Together • Wild Heart Beats

专辑与单曲

Songs of Friendship and Magic • Songs of Ponyville • Rainbow Rocks - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack • Magical Friendship Tour • Equestria Girls - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack • Rainbow Rocks CD • Equestria Girls CD • Songs of Harmony • Friendship is Magic Remixed • 2015 Convention Collection • Friendship Games - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack • It's a Pony Kind of Christmas • Friendship is Magic Collection • Equestria Girls Collection • Pinkie Pie's Party Playlist • Legend of Everfree - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack • Explore Equestria: Greatest Hits • My Little Pony: The Movie (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) • My Little Pony: The Movie (Original Motion Picture Score) • DJ Pon-3 Presents: The Remixes Vol. 2 • DJ Pon-3 Presents: Halloween • Friendship is Magic: The Instrumentals • Equestria Girls: The Instrumentals • DJ Pon-3 Presents: The Remixes Vol.3 • DJ Pon-3 Presents: The Remixes Vol. 4

英文原文：Perfect Day for Fun