# 饮食/第一季

目录

友谊的魔力（上） • 友谊的魔力（下） • 票落谁家 • 踢苹时节 • 目中无马 • 牛皮克星 • 驯龙高蹄 • 睡前聚会 • 流言蜚语 • 世纪浩劫 • 冬季清扫 • 可爱召唤 • 覆叶之交 • 节日盛装 • 彩虹音爆 • 瞪眼大师 • 搅局行家 • 犬马闹剧 • 本无妒忌 • 身不由己 • 一鸟在蹄 • 可爱纪元 • 头号助手 • 独马派对 • 最佳良宵

友谊的魔力（上）

在该集开头的书中，小马们在草地上野餐，享用外观类似植物的食品。他们也种植了一些作物。

在香甜苹果园后面是一个胡萝卜农场，前面是一个鸡舍，上面有一个鸡蛋标志。在镜头转换时还能看到种植的玉米以及其他蔬菜。

在苹果杰克敲响三角铁以呼唤其他小马们开饭时，背景的桌子上摆放着苹果派和甜点。随后苹果家族的成员们将各式各样的苹果菜肴送到了餐桌上，例如：苹果酥、糖裹苹果、嘉拉果、红蛇果、金蛇果、焦糖苹果、苹果卷、苹果饼、烘苹果、苹果夹心、香脆苹果等。

在介绍结束后，史密斯婆婆走向暮光闪闪的背景中出现了盛有胡萝卜和芜菁的果盘。

暮光闪闪和斯派克在寻找小蝶时，他们从浆果丛中钻了出来。但在剧中从未出现小马们食用浆果的场面。

萍琪派为暮光闪闪准备了一场欢迎派对。在零食桌上出现了纸杯蛋糕、装有气泡饮料的绿色瓶子和一大瓶辣酱。在另一张桌子上出现了潘趣酒碗和带有白色奶油点缀的蛋糕。

在夏日庆典期间可以看到一张桌子上摆有苹果和纸杯蛋糕。苹果杰克用其中一个蛋糕堵上了萍琪的嘴。

友谊的魔力（下）

苹果杰克提到了焦糖苹果和糖裹苹果。

票落谁家

本集开场中，苹果杰克和暮光闪闪运送了大量红苹果至谷仓。

斯派克为了寻找一颗“完美”苹果丢掉了许多带有瑕疵的苹果，并在找到后立刻吃掉了它。苹果在之后的许多剧集中也作为常见食物出现。

苹果杰克想象着自己在盛大狂奔节销售食物，展示食物包括馅饼、蛋糕、松饼和至少四种不同颜色的苹果。

萍琪派描述了她在盛大狂奔节中会遇到的许多事物。其中提到的食物包括方糖、手杖糖、圣代、阳光和沙士汽水。在想象的场景中也出现了击破皮纳塔并掉出棒棒糖、带状糖果棒、包裹的甜食和果冻豆的场景。曾在“友谊的魔力（上）”中出现的至少四道苹果菜肴也在想象场景中出现。

在暮光闪闪打断朋友们的争论时，萍琪派提到了燕麦片。

暮光闪闪在咖啡馆点了一份“水仙雏菊三明治”，并在等待餐点期间吃掉了桌上的装饰用花瓣。斯派克点了一份红宝石，在被回绝后改为了加脆型的炸干草。相似外表的三明治也出现在柠檬心所在的桌子上。

苹果杰克向饥饿的暮光闪闪提供了许多中苹果类的菜肴。其中的大部分都曾在“友谊的魔力（上）”中出现。

天使兔为暮光闪闪制作了一份包含蔬菜、花朵、类似圣女果的食物和带茎胡萝卜的沙拉。

Shoeshine希望向暮光闪闪提供一整车萝卜以交换门票。

踢苹时节

苹果杰克在本集的大部分场景中都在处理大量的苹果。

萍琪派在苹果杰克驱赶牛群期间吃了一些爆米花。

在与暮光闪闪对话期间，苹果杰克将Can we talk（我们谈谈）听成了Twenty stalks（二十根茎）并询问那是豆子还是芹菜；之后又将Help（帮助）听成了Kelp（海藻），并提到自己不喜欢海藻。[注 1]

在方糖甜点屋的架子上可以看到一罐类似草莓蜜饯的罐子，还有几袋薯片和至少三种不同颜色的汽水瓶。在展示柜内摆有棒棒糖，桌子上除棒棒糖外还放有拐杖糖和纸杯蛋糕。萍琪派和苹果杰克在方糖甜点屋制作了一些玛芬。

苹果杰克为帮助她采收苹果的朋友们提供了苹果汁。

斯派克对苹果杰克烘烤的“恶心”十分感兴趣，在萍琪将它们丢弃后又从垃圾堆捡了回来。

目中无马

在片头后场景中，萍琪派出现在一辆售卖包括胡萝卜、土豆、玉米穗和类似菠萝的水果在内的推车旁。

在尝试逃离萍琪派期间，云宝黛茜飞过一栋顶部带有草莓、樱桃和苹果模型的建筑物。在其他镜头中也可以部分看到这座建筑。

萍琪派在市场上饮用了一些奶昔。在场景扩展时可看到一辆苹果推车，和一个馅饼摊。

在萍琪为吉达举行的派对期间出现了香草柠檬糖、果汁和蛋糕。在背景中可看到糖果手杖、棒棒糖、纸杯蛋糕、带茎胡萝卜和馅饼。

吉达在吃下带有辣椒的香草柠檬糖后开始喷火，萍琪则借机烤制了棉花糖。

牛皮克星

苹果杰克在表演的结尾使用套索将苹果从树上拽下并送进嘴里。崔克茜则用套索将她捆住，并往她的嘴里塞了一颗苹果。

剪剪和蜗蜗为崔克茜送了一份加干草的沙冰。

斯派克在说“空口无凭，眼见为实”（the proof is in the pudding）这句话后，蜗蜗表示自己喜欢吃布丁。

本集中出现了牛群挤奶的场景。

驯龙高蹄

天使兔在本集开头食用了胡萝卜。

小苹花将一些瓶装苹果汁装进了苹果杰克的鞍包内。

苹果杰克使用苹果来“武装”自己，她可以娴熟地用苹果投掷敌人。

小蝶声称成年巨龙“能一口吃掉小马”。

睡前聚会

As part of the episode's makeovers, Rarity places slices of cucumbers over the closed eyes of both Twilight Sparkle and Applejack. Applejack eats hers.

S'mores (a sandwich-like treat; chocolate and marshmallow between graham crackers) are made during Twilight's slumber party. Applejack is shown roasting three marshmallows at a fireplace (despite equines being vegetarians and marshmallows containing gelatin).

Rarity mentions "magic, sparkly eggs" as part of a game of 20 Questions.

流言蜚语

During the scene set inside Sugarcube Corner, assorted treats are visible in the background, including cupcakes, pies, jars of candies, and lollipops.

Twilight reminds Pinkie that they both eat hay, but Pinkie claims Zecora eats hay in an "evil" way.

Pinkie Pie sings about being gobbled up in "a big, tasty stew."

Spike raids the kitchen, finding cupcakes and a candy cane.

The ponies imagine Zecora is preparing "Apple Bloom soup."

Apples and watermelons are visible in stall bins.

世纪浩劫

During the first encounter with a parasprite, it consumes an overflowing basket of apples in a small "cloud of violence," ignoring the one Fluttershy crushed.

Inside Sugarcube Corner, Mr. and Mrs. Cake are setting out treats, including cakes, pies, cupcakes, and something round and purple on a stand. Pinkie Pie has been nibbling at all of them.

In the same scene, the ubiquitous candy canes can be seen in the background.

Mrs. Cake is rolling out dough on a table.

Pinkie mashes her way into a large, two-layer cake, consuming or scattering almost all of it, and licking white, icing-like remainder from her face. She claims to be taste-testing everything. She follows up by consuming a second cake in one gulp.

During their invasion of Ponyville, the parasprites eat a slice of cake, a slice of pie (which Lyra Heartstrings cries over), a garden full of tomatoes, beets (or parsnips), carrots, many flowers, and greens (during a "big ball of violence"), and raid vendor stalls. One parasprite can be seen carrying an apple. Another carries (and drops) a cupcake.

There's a vendor stall visible that has an inverted horseshoe logo on a giant disposable cup with straw. Two thrown-away cups are visible on the ground moments earlier.

After Twilight Sparkle's misguided spell is cast, the parasprites proceed to try to eat everything but food. They specifically go after an apple basket, the Sugarcube Corner sign, lamps, thatch roofs, stall awnings, an entire apple stall (sans apples), a slotted spatula, a horseshoe, and Rarity's dresses. A giant swarm of parasprites attacks Sweet Apple Acres, bypassing a hasty barricade and mostly consuming the barn, leaving only an empty frame, which collapses. In Twilight's library, the pests are eating the words (or at least the ink) out of her books. Four try to eat the skirt right off a pony. Several are seen pursing a fleeing Rainbow Dash. Swarms are not only consuming but carrying off carts or parts of a building on three instances. Large gaps are visible in walls, roofs, and support beams.

冬季清扫

Carrots, celery, apples, and flowers (already mentioned as edible by the ponies) are referenced during the song. A large turnip is visible in the basket of vegetables offered a pair of ferrets.

Spike bathes Twilight Sparkle in canned tomato juice to neutralize skunk spray.

可爱召唤

There is an apple on Cheerilee's desk.

Twist tries to cheer up Apple Bloom by offering her a peppermint stick that she made herself.

Diamond Tiara and Silver Spoon recite a silly rhyme which includes the words "sugar lump."

Applejack is picking up apples in the orchard.

In the market, vendor stalls can be seen. One offers vegetables (ear corn, potatoes, carrots), another beverages (a large mock-up of a cup with bent straw), and a third, pies.

Apple Bloom tries to help Applejack at an apple cart.

In the background, outside Sugarcube Corner, a small display of tarts and a beverage cup on a table can be seen. If you look closely, you can also see a water pump and trough.

Apple Bloom is found by Rainbow Dash next to a water well.

Pinkie Pie takes Apple Bloom off to eat, and bake, cupcakes. See farther down on this page for the ingredients. Most of the results look rather questionable.

Visible inside the kitchen are a pie, candy canes, lollipops, oddly-colored cookies, and a bag of flour.

As Pinkie Pie sings, Apple Bloom balances a lemon on her forehead.

Cake is available at the party held in Sugarcube Corner, particularly a large, three-tier one Apple Bloom hides behind and Snails bites nearly in half. Also some of the bad cupcakes (concealed under icing), carrots, lemon vanilla drops, and apples. A life-sized chocolate(?) statue stands near the counter. One pony drinks directly from the punchbowl atop the table Apple Bloom uses to sneak towards the door.

覆叶之交

Pinkie Pie mentions a hot dog eating contest, possibly meatless "veggie" dogs, as Pinkie's You Got to Share, You Got to Care song states that the ponies' diets are completely vegetarian. Her exchange with Spike mentions ketchup, mustard, and pickles.

Tree sap is being harvested in White Tail Woods during the Running of the Leaves. In the real world, the method used is typical for the making of maple syrup and maple sugar — in the spring.

During the long jump event, Lyra Heartstrings is seen holding a fast food drink cup with her hoof.

节日盛装

Hoity Toity, upon seeing the outfit Rarity made for Applejack, mentions a sudden craving for several apple-based dishes.

Pinkie Pie's dress (made from Rarity's vision) has pieces of candy decorating it; during the presentation of said dress, candy falls from the sky, with a gumdrop landing on Pinkie Pie's tongue.

彩虹音爆

Despite her affection for hot sauce covered cupcakes, Pinkie Pie can't tolerate the spiciness of rainbows.

瞪眼大师

Early in the episode, Twilight mentions going out to Zecora's place in the Everfree Forest to get some of her favorite tea.

Near the end of the episode, Fluttershy and Twilight are seen sitting with a teapot and cups between them.

搅局行家

The Cutie Mark Crusaders attempt to feed Applejack's pigs. Lauren Faust explained that the pigs "needed a place to stay" and might be used for finding truffles.[1]

The Cutie Mark Crusaders make taffy at Sugarcube Corner. Lollipops and spiraled candy sticks can be seen in the background.

犬马闹剧

During a brief pampering during her captivity, Rarity requests "sparkling" (carbonated or soda) water (also known as club soda or seltzer) from the Diamond Dogs but doesn't receive it.

本无妒忌

Rarity has cucumbers on her eyes at the spa.

Pinkie's promise includes "stick a cupcake in my eye".

Applejack is selling apples, and a banner of Fluttershy drinking carrot juice flies.

Several soft drink cups are seen as ponies gather around the newsstand.

Pinkie pops out of an apple stand, then eats an apple.

The classic green cupcakes appear at Sugarcube Corner.

There is a fruit (and possibly veggie) basket in Fluttershy's dressing room, which Twilight shoves in her mouth to shut herself up.

身不由己

On the train to Appleloosa, Rainbow Dash mentions that Spike didn't pop her popcorn kernels.

Pinkie's song definitively establishes that ponies and buffalo do not eat meat. She also mentions hay and oats as staple foods common to both species.

Equestria's equivalent to a Wild West Saloon serves "salt", which, judging by the old pony's behavior when thrown out of the establishment, seems to act like alcohol to the ponies.

While visiting the buffalo camp, Pinkie Pie and Rainbow Dash are served an unidentifiable mush-like substance in bowls. Rainbow Dash sniffs it and pushes hers away in disgust, while Pinkie devours hers quickly and asks for more, despite not knowing what it is.

Apple pies are baked as ammunition for the expected battle for Appleloosa. Fortunately, they are still edible, which contributes to the conflict's resolution..

一鸟在蹄

During the party at Sugarcube Corner, purple peach-like fruits, apples, a punch bowl and several cakes and pies are seen behind Twilight and Fluttershy. A salad, a fruit bowl, a fritter, cookies, a cake, what could be a slice of cheesecake, an unknown pink item and a sandwich are laid out in front of Applejack. Pinkie Pie jumps around cupcakes and nondescript candies, smashes a pie in her face and sticks her head in a chocolate fountain. Princess Celestia eats cupcakes and drinks tea.

Fluttershy tries getting Philomena to take a capsule with birdseed, and then tries unsuccessfully to serve her homemade soup.

可爱纪元

Bunnies are stealing Applejack's apples.

The usual treats are at Sugarcube Corner.

The Oranges sip a mysterious fancy drink and eat what appears to be a carrot slice, piece of parsley, and gravy at the dinner in Manehattan with Applejack.

The fillies in the school play in Rarity's flashback are wearing different food costumes.

Cake, punch, and apples are at Pinkie's first party.

头号助手

Spike's preparations for watching the meteor shower includes bananas, apples, a bowl of fruit punch, and his "fresh-baked, homemade triple-decker nut crazy vanilla creme cookies."

Also visible during that sequence are grapes and pears in a hanging set of baskets/bowls.

Spike offers to make Twilight breakfast, suggesting sunflower smoothies and grass pancakes.

When Spike asks Pinkie Pie for a writing quill, Pinkie responds with a list of items with vaguely similar names, including a quince, a quesadilla and a quiche.

独马派对

Cake, punch, and apples are at Gummy's party.

Twilight sneaks around a carrot and apple stand.

When Pinkie goes crazy, there are cupcakes, radishes, and another cake.

A sheet cake and some mini cakes are seen during Pinkie's birthday party at the barn.

最佳良宵

Applejack sets up a kiosk of apple pies, apple fritters, and other baked goods, along with red and green whole apples. She sells one of the apple pies to Soarin.

Prince Blueblood denounces Applejack's apple-based baked goods as "common carnival fare" and says he's going to the buffet for hors d'oeuvres.

After being abandoned by Twilight and her friends at the Grand Galloping Gala, Spike goes to his favorite doughnut shop and can be seen eating a doughnut and drinking hot chocolate with a marshmallow in the mug. He then asks for another doughnut with "extra sprinkles".

Twilight and her friends can be seen with a recently devoured tray of doughnuts after they finish telling Spike about their night at the gala.

注释

↑ 民间翻译组在此处进行了本地化处理，改为将谈谈听成了吃饭并询问是早饭还是午饭；将帮助听成了食醋，并提到自己不喜欢食醋。

参考

↑ Lauren Faust discussing the presence of pigs in The Show Stoppers (archived locally). 2012-04-06.