# 饮食/第三季

目录

水晶帝国（上） • 水晶帝国（下） • 萍琪遍地 • 小坏丫头 • 魔法对决 • 惊夜无眠 • 天马学院 • 家族团聚 • 救命之恩 • 以柔克刚 • 宠物管家 • 阴差阳错 • 命运魔咒

水晶帝国（上）

During the Ballad of the Crystal Ponies, Applejack and Pinkie Pie gather crystal berries, and Applejack eats one.

Rainbow Dash offers "Crystal Empire berry pie" and "crystal corn-on-the-cob" to a Crystal Pony. Rainbow Dash, and then Crystal Pony #2, eat some of the corn off the cob.

Near the end of the episode, the librarian pony mentions "funnel cake".

水晶帝国（下）

Applejack offers Crystal Empire nectar and Crystal Empire fritters as distractions from the fake Crystal Heart.

萍琪遍地

Twilight Sparkle attempts to turn an apple into an orange, but instead performs the spell on a blue jay, and then a frog.

踢云 and Berryshine sit at a table with glasses of liquid resembling fruit juice in front of them.

Fluttershy's picnic with her animal friends includes "hay juice", marmalade, toast with jam or jelly, and cheese (which a mouse offers to Pinkie Pie).

When Pinkie questions her clone about Applejack's barn raising, she asks if ice cream was served, particularly "banana brickle" flavor.

Spike eagerly eats an entire bag of popcorn while watching paint dry.

Rarity suggests "a party with punch and zesty cucumber sandwiches".

小坏丫头

Babs Seed knocks over a pumpkin float that the Cutie Mark Crusaders made for the Summer Harvest Parade.

During the song Babs Seed, a number of different foods are seen.

The Cutie Mark Crusaders are seen drinking milkshakes through straws, but Babs, Diamond Tiara, and Silver Spoon steal their spots at the table and start drinking the milkshakes themselves.

Babs Seed eats part of an apple and spits out the seeds at the Cutie Mark Crusaders.

Apple seeds stylistically decorate the backgrounds during the song.

Babs tosses a tomato and it lands on Scootaloo's head.

At the movie theater, popcorn, a candy apple, and a drink in a cup with a straw are seen.

Babs shakes apples off a tree at Sweet Apple Acres, and then drops two banana peels in the path of the CMC, which they slip on.

During the Summer Harvest Parade, many food-themed floats appear, including a head-of-lettuce float driven by Pinkie Pie, and the golden apple float the CMC made to sabotage Babs Seed.

The CMC float is colored with "Luster dust from Sugarcube Corner, they use it to decorate cakes."

Sweetie Belle speculates that the luster dust is "what Rarity uses on her emergency edible boots."

One float is a cucumber car, and Dr. Hooves is wearing a pear hat.

Two other floats are a tomato car, and a squash car.

A vendor pony can be seen selling hot carrot crepes before the parade.

魔法对决

Pinkie Pie cries when she is unable to eat a cupcake after Trixie makes her mouth vanish.

Twilight saves Shoeshine from being crushed by a wagon full of apples launched by Trixie.

Trixie conjures several pies and launches them at Twilight, who in turn conjures a parasprite to eat them.

Zecora drinks a hot liquid resembling herbal tea, which is later served to Fluttershy.

Trixie has a reluctant Applejack make applesauce for use as a facial.

Lyra Heartstrings can be seen drinking from a fast food drink cup during Twilight and Trixie's second duel.

惊夜无眠

Cherry Berry and Comet Tail are seen arguing over a turned-over wagon full of vegetables, which Scootaloo uses as a jump.

Rainbow Dash drinks from a glass resting on her chest while flying upside down.

Scootaloo lands in a haystack that was being eaten by a cow.

Sweetie Belle sings an entire rendition of "Ninety-nine Buckets of Oats on the Wall".

Sweetie Belle declares that the last to reach Winsome Falls is a "moldy carrot".

天马学院

Apples and water are seen at the picnic in the first scene.

Behind Pinkie (outside Sugarcube Corner), various sweets and candies sit on a display.

Plates of unidentifiable mush as well as cups are shown at the mess hall.

家族团聚

Apples and a number of apple-related foods, such as fritters and cider, are featured prominently throughout the episode.

During a scene at Sugarcube Corner, Pinkie Pie gives Applejack jars of honey and gold luster dust, previously seen in One Bad Apple. Pinkie also eats honey directly out of a beehive.

"Prickly pluffnuggets" are mentioned as part of a tongue-twister.

救命之恩

Twilight Sparkle pours herself a cup of tea before settling down to read.

When Spike chases the Twinkling Balloon through the marketplace, he passes an apple cart, a pie stand and a wagon full of watermelons. Big McIntosh is also seen loading apples into a wagon of his own while Granny Smith bends over to pick an apple off the ground.

Spike helps Applejack collect apples and bake apple pies, breaking numerous eggs in the process of the latter. The pies ultimately come out burned and inedible.

以柔克刚

Discord eats paper, specifically the reforming spell from every book in the library.

Discord's face appears on a carrot he offers to Angel.

Fluttershy and Discord host a dinner party for the rest of the mane six where they serve many apple products, soup and gravy.

Angel atttempts to get everyone's attention by sticking an apple in a pitcher of liquid.

The Apple family floats on barrels filled with apples.

宠物管家

Spike attempts to bake gems into a cake, but ends up eating them. Bowls containing eggs and lemons can also be seen, along with a milk carton.

Tank knocks over a basket of apples in the town square.

Pinkie Pie offers Gummy a cupcake.

Apple Bloom mentions needing treats to give the pets for when they are good.

Spike walks home from the marketplace with a bowl of eggs and a bag that may contain flour or sugar, both of which he mentions in a song he sings.

A pie stand can be seen in the marketplace.

Big McIntosh is shown carrying a basket of apples.

Joe has a refreshment cart on the train containing a variety of doughnuts, which is ambushed by the pets.

阴差阳错

A pie vendor in the Crystal Empire pulls a cart around and accidentally splashes Ms. Harshwhinny with water.

Pinkie Pie finds cinnamon buns for sale, and later offers one as an apology for messing up.

命运魔咒

Ponies are seen sipping drinks outside the cafe during Morning in Ponyville

While Fluttershy fails at making ponies at Sugarcube Corner laugh, various candies can be seen in the background.

Pinkie Pie attempts to buck apples.

Fluttershy's animals attempt to cook Rainbow Dash, but they lose interest when Fluttershy feeds them salad and nuts.