# 饮食/第二季

目录

谐律再临（上） • 谐律再临（下） • 学无所成 • 噩梦之夜 • 姐妹情深 • 可爱谜痘 • 胜者为宠 • 神秘救星 • 社交名马 • 生日厚礼 • 驱寒之夜 • 家族荣誉 • 保姆萍琪 • 千里寻踪 • 奸商兄弟 • 欲罢不能 • 连理风波 • 真心朋友 • 毋庸客气 • 回到未来 • 巨龙之谜 • 飓风使者 • 马镇机密 • 蛋糕谜案 • 皇城婚礼（下）

谐律再临（上）

Rainbow Dash encounters a cloud made of cotton candy. Pinkie Pie and several animals are also seen eating it.

Corn is also seen being popped into popcorn, which Pinkie also eats.

Rain made out of chocolate milk falls from the sky, which is again thoroughly enjoyed by Pinkie.

Rainbow Dash mentions that Cloudsdale is being hit by a cola storm, but won't go there until the chocolate milk rain in Ponyville is stopped.

谐律再临（下）

Discord, the antagonist of both episodes, is depicted eating popcorn and cotton candy, and is later seen holding a glass of chocolate milk, drinking the glass and disposing of the solidified chocolate milk.

Applejack bites into an apple core, causing the body of the apple to reform while under Discord's spell.

学无所成

Twilight picks up some cupcakes from Mrs. Cake, only to fuss over the amount of frosting on each one.

Twilight and her friends have a picnic out in a field.

噩梦之夜

Candy is everywhere in this episode. It seems foals collect it from houses, similar to Trick-or-treating. Later in the episode, candy is offered to the statue of Nightmare Moon. There are also several market stands with candy and other sugary treats.

Many ponies bob for apples, and there are barrels of apples around.

Pumpkins are seen throughout the episode and are used in a game in which they are launched at a target board.

姐妹情深

As the episode starts, Rarity mumbles in bed about sweet carrot pancakes and spiced apple cider.

Sweetie Belle's breakfast, including the juice, is burnt and unidentifiable. Rarity guesses that a thick, dark liquid in a bowl is apple sauce but Sweetie Belle claims that it is toast.

Rarity prepares some eggs for herself and Sweetie Belle, who in turn adds a garnish of parsley to it whilst wrecking the kitchen.

Applejack and Apple Bloom make grape juice by squishing some grapes in a large wooden basket.

Applejack, Apple Bloom and Sweetie Belle roast marshmallows in front of a camp fire.

Rarity suggests that she show Sweetie Belle how to cook her favorite quiche as a bonding activity.

Pies, grapes, eggs, and apples are all used during events in the actual competition.

可爱谜痘

Sweetie Belle offers Apple Bloom a cupcake to cheer her up, which she doesn't accept.

The Apple family serves up pie to everypony.

While watching Apple Bloom fence, Spike eats popcorn

Pinkie mentions corn cakes, specifically sneaking some.

胜者为宠

Twilight mentions breath mints after being licked by Winona.

神秘救星

A large cake and a lots of cupcakes are at Sugarcube Corner.

Rainbow Dash attempts to open a jar of Peanut Butter.

Pinkie says that "the only thing that should be rubbed in anypony's face is chocolate cake".

社交名马

The sophisticated ponies of Canterlot seem to drink wine or champagne, as Rarity can be seen with a bottle, sending the airship away.

During the party in Canterlot's royal garden, a stallion is seen serving hors d'oeuvres. Also present is a large cake.

Twilight's birthday party has a chocolate fondue which the characters dunk various items in. It also contains usual staples from Sugarcube Corner plus a chocolate cake with pink filling, which Rainbow Dash eventually uses to start a food fight.

生日厚礼

The Cakes give Spike a sapphire cupcake for his birthday.

The vet pony offers Spike a doggy treat, and he stuffs it into a bowl of lollipops.

Pinkie Pie assaults an enlarged Spike with cake.

驱寒之夜

Pinkie consumes a whole gingerbread house in one bite.

Various fruits and vegetables are grown by the earth ponies.

Twilight mentions candy canes.

The whole plot of the play is based upon the sparsity of food among the three pony races.

家族荣誉

Zap apples grow naturally in the Everfree Forest and are harvest at the Apple family orchard.

Zap apple jam is made from zap apples and sold by the Apple family.

A few peas are seen being eaten by Granny Smith and her siblings when they were just fillies.

保姆萍琪

Pound Cake and Pumpkin Cake are seen drinking bottles of milk.

A large cake is made by Mr. and Mrs. Cake.

Pinkie attempts to serve bowls of baby food to Pound Cake and Pumpkin Cake for a snack, but the babies just make a mess with it.

Caterpillars are seen trying to eat apples from the Apple family orchard in swarms.

Razzleberry pie is eaten by Pinkie Pie after accidentally smashing into a row of them.

Pinkie Pie dumps flour all over herself several times in order to amuse the babies.

千里寻踪

At the train station, Pinkie Pie mentions peanuts, popcorn, taffy and sarsaparilla, claiming that taffy is a bountiful source of nervous energy and that sarsaparilla gives you extra "sass."

Applejack works at Cherry Jubilee's cherry farm for a few days.

When Rainbow Dash declares Applejack needs to "spill the beans", Pinkie Pie replies "She had beans? Ugh, I told her I was snacky!"

Applejack says that Cherry Jubilee had cherry winks, cherry cheesecake, and cherry tarts at her cherry stand at the rodeo.

In Pinkie Pie's extended rant to Applejack, she mentions deep-fried tortillas, kumquats, and pickle barrels.

At the part where Pinkie Pie is riding with Rarity on the self-working cart thingy, Pinkie rants about chimi-cherries and cherry-chunga.

奸商兄弟

The Apple family serve soft apple cider to all of Ponyville, as there was no time to let it ferment.

欲罢不能

Pinkie Pie mentions eggs, apples, oranges and grapefruits while trying to find the most accurate way to describe the shape of her head.

Rainbow Dash is served mushy hospital food, which includes green plant material, a "Jell-O"/gelatin-like dessert, despite equines being vegetarians and gelatin being derived from horses, and a cup of juice.

连理风波

During The Perfect Stallion song, Sweetie Belle brings attention to a stallion who is "strangely obsessed with tubs of jelly," and he [the stallion] rises out of a large jar of blue jelly.

Also during the song, a couple of mares sip drinks at the tables with their lovers.

Sweetie Belle claims the love poison for Cheerilee and Big Mac is (fruit) punch.

While under the effects of the love poison, Cheerilee and Big Mac share a nibble with a cherry from an ice cream float, while various types of candy are seen behind them.

During the picnic for Big Mac and Cheerilee, there are what seem to be conversation hearts, several apple desserts, and a cupcake, which changes position over the course of the scene.

真心朋友

Pinkie Pie and Daisy Jo discuss cookies, milk, and oatmeal for consumption.

Pinkie Pie eats one of Rose's Calla lilies. However like with the daffodils, calla lilies are poisonous in real life, although the rhizome can be made edible unlike the daffodil which is entirely poisonous.

Pinkie Pie's welcome wagon shoots cake batter out of its confetti cannons.

毋庸客气

Fluttershy's pets eat various kinds of grain-like meals for lunch.

Angel eats a salad with various fruits and vegetables on it like lettuce and what appears to be pineapple, sold at a local market:

Asparagus

Tomatoes

A cherry

Pinkie Pie is selling fruit punch with lemon wedges in it at Sugarcube Corner.

回到未来

Spike has a dream about making Rarity an entire house made of various types of ice cream and gumdrops.

At various points during the second half of the episode, Spike is also seen gorging himself on massive quantities of pink (presumably strawberry) ice cream. Naturally, this results in giving Spike a fairly bad stomach ache at the end of the episode.

Fluttershy is seen carrying various types of party supplies at the beginning of the episode, some of which appear to be paper-wrapped candies.

While not "food" in a technical sense, Cerberus gnaws on the three fruit-shaped spire tops—a strawberry and two apples—on top of an ice cream shop near the Ponyville town square.

巨龙之谜

While the girls (minus Fluttershy) are watching the Dragon Migration, Spike is seen with a cart full of cookies, cakes, and a tea kettle.

Spike also mentions something about blueberry stains, but there didn't appear to be any blueberry treats among the baked goods.

Following this scene, we see that Twilight has a cabinet full of dry goods (potato chips), canned goods of unknown contents, and what appears to be a bushel basket of fruit.

In addition, it previously had a large sandwich of mixed content, first shown in Spike's hands.

Some of the leftover sweet breads and tea from the previous scene are also packed into Spike's bindle bag.

During the montage sequence, Spike passes by some apple trees and surprisingly apple bushes.

The dragon dens are chalk full of gemstones—a known food of dragons—of every shape, size, and color.

During the epilogue, there's a picture of Spike, Twilight, and Applejack drinking apple cider in front of the Apple family cider stand.

Also during the epilogue, there's a picture of a frosted cake on the banner in another picture.

飓风使者

One of Fluttershy's squirrel friends offered her two almonds and an acorn in an attempt to cheer her up mid-way through the episode.

马镇机密

There is an apple on Cheerilee's desk.

Snips and Snails are stuck together by some chewing gum.

While trying to think of an idea for the Foal Free Press, the Cutie Mark Crusaders have a vacuum flask and a cup of dark, steaming hot liquid on the table in front of them.

In the town square, the asparagus stand makes another appearance, this time with barrels with asparagus.

The house with the apple and strawberry spire tops can also be seen.

Rainbow Dash tries to eat Spike's cucumber slices intended for a facial, but Spike retrieves them from her face and mouth.

Sugarcube Corner is shown to have the usual assortment of cakes, sweets, and pastries on random display cases and tables.

There are several instances where food and Gabby Gums columns cross paths:

An article about Princess Celestia loving cakes (complete with a photo of her chowing down) is published in the Gabby Gums column of the Foal Free Press.

Spike's love of jam is written about (and promptly rejected from) the Gabby Gums column.

In another Gabby Gums column, Applejack is seen resting with a bushel basket full of apples.

On the revelation that Mr. and Mrs. Cake are breaking up, the two rush into the room, the latter holding a platter of cupcakes.

Pinkie Pie is seen dancing with a lampshade on her head in a punch bowl in one of the Gabby Gums columns.

蛋糕谜案

The episode revolves around the story of Pinkie Pie protecting the Marzipan Mascarpone Meringue Madness, or "MMMM" as abbreviated by Pinkie - a giant cake entered into National Dessert Competition - from being eaten by anyone on the train to Canterlot.

As the cake's name suggests, some toppings on the cake include fruit-shaped marzipan, mascarpone, and meringue.

Twilight is reading from a book and next to her is a fast-food style drinking cup with a straw, with a graphic of a corn cob/wheat stalk on it.

On the train, some other people brought along entries to the Dessert Competition:

Gustav le Grand, the French griffon chef, has Exceptionally Exquisite Éclairs.

Doughnut Joe's "Donutopia" is a model replica of a city made out of various kinds of doughnuts. It also includes "super-sprinkles".

Mulia Mild has a Chocolate Moose made out of chocolate mousse.

Several of the window shades on the train have designs such as candy or pastries.

Later at the competition, several random desserts are seen such as cakes and pies.

Also at the competition is a surprise entry: a large cake made of the combined desserts from the train ride.

皇城婚礼（上）

At the beginning of the episode, Twilight and her five friends are enjoying a picnic with water, tea, cake, sandwiches, apples, and possibly a few other goodies hidden in their picnic basket. Rainbow Dash can be seen eating a sandwich with lettuce, tomato and cheese on it. Twilight uses a sandwich containing tomatoes, cucumbers, lettuce and green olives on toothpicks, as a puppet.

A young Shining Armor and Twilight Sparkle are shown sharing an apple during Twilight's song.

In preparation for the wedding, Applejack rushes to put the finishing touches on a five-tiered wedding cake and a tray of "the best darn bite-sized apple fritters you ever tasted".

In the same scene, Apple Fritter is shown applying frosting on some cupcakes as well as toothpick-skewered hors d'oeuvres, tarts, a smaller, green-frosted cake, and fruit-topped cupcakes.

Later in the day, the girls and Spike are sitting at a table, which looks like a slice of lime, and drinking water, strawberry and orange fruit drinks. A mug with what appears to be whipped cream on top is sitting on another table, which is later seen on the girls' table.

皇城婚礼（下）

During the first musical number, cake is mentioned and a bushel basket of apples is kicked over.

Fruit-topped cupcakes and Applejack's mini-fritters reappear during the second wedding planning montage.

Also in the montage is a large punch bowl and three serving bowls or cups.

During the wedding reception, Pinkie Pie is seen thoroughly enjoying some cake.