# 饮食/第四季

目录

闪闪公主（上） • 古城魔影 • 共渡难关 • 超威小马 • 化蝶成蝠 • 满城瑞气 • 家有萍琪 • 彩虹飞瀑 • 朴实无华 • 公主补课 • 呵护有加 • 石破天惊 • 假戏真做 • 物有所值 • 心想事成

闪闪公主（上）

Discord is seen eating popcorn while he's wearing 3D glasses.

In a flashback sequence, Discord is shown eating seeds. These are later revealed to be plunderseeds, the root of the main cast's troubles throughout the premiere.

古城魔影

On Pinkie Pie's score card, one of the doodles on Applejack's side is an apple.

When Angel finds Twilight and Spike, he starts eating many carrots.

共渡难关

The National Random Holiday Party Day party Pinkie throws includes cake, cupcakes and punch.

超威小马

Pinkie Pie/Filli-Second grabs cupcakes for everypony several times.

化蝶成蝠

The vampire bats and Flutterbat eat apples throughout the entire episode.

Rainbow is upset at the possibility of no cider.

满城瑞气

Sidewalk café patrons drink coffee.

Rarity buys Spike a carrot dog from a carrot dog cart.

The carrot dog cart also shows toppings which could be relish, mustard, and two other unidentifiable foods.

The carrot dog vendor has a soft pretzel image on his hat.

Giant billboards next to Hinny of the Hills advertise hay burgers and apple juice.

Another billboard features some sort of apple drink.

The ponies mention getting (and then missing) dinner.

家有萍琪

Pinkie mentions a "favorite drink" in the song Apples to the Core.

Big McIntosh lifts a stove with a pie on it.

A barrel of apples is in the cart for the road trip.

Pinkie eats an apple then tosses the core to the ground.

A cupcake-shaped cat toy, donuts, apples, and a plate of half-eaten mush can be seen in Goldie's house.

Goldie Delicious has a partially eaten gingerbread house in her home that was her lunch last week.

彩虹飞瀑

Apple brown Bettys are seen in this episode.

The Cloudsdale team is catapulted some type of cake.

Rainbow has a pitcher of water on her hospital room nightstand.

朴实无华

Rarity mentions and shows concept art of a cider tasting.

According to Rarity, Trenderhoof wrote about a "culinary revolution" in Trottingham.

Rarity tells Trenderhoof about a "locally sourced menu of delicious treats".

A cornfield in front of Sweet Apple Acres is shown.

Applejack and Rarity buck some apples.

公主补课

A fast food establishment in Ponyville called the Hay Burger serves hay burgers, horseshoe-shaped fries, and soft drinks. The hay burgers appear to have tomato and lettuce in them.

Apple Bloom uses a potion to make an apple grow tremendously in size.

呵护有加

Applejack and Big McIntosh are seen loading up a pair of pie carts to two hard-to-reach towns.

A male Cajun Swamp pony stated that the Apple family's pies are tastier than his mama's swamp-water casserole.

石破天惊

The rock candies that Pinkie made are part of a tradition in which herself and Maud make and trade rock candy necklaces to each other.

During one scene, the Mane Six and Maud are seen eating muffins.

假戏真做

The Flim Flam brothers partially admit that their miracle cure tonic is simply made of apple juice and beet leaves.

物有所值

Amethyst Star的交换物是一个菠萝。她与Sassaflash达成了交易。

Cream Cup的摊位上有一盘纸杯蛋糕。

星耀站在一些自助食物前，包括派、蛋糕和一些汤。

Jeff Letrotski经营一家提供燕麦汉堡的食品摊，包含了燕麦饼、番茄酱和生菜。

心想事成

Rarity is sadly eating pints of ice cream while worrying that she might never create again due to the loss of her creative mojo.